# TBD

I was living out the same life and patterns over and over again until 2020. By 2021, I was ready to break out of the circular, and oftentimes downward spiral, that was my life. When I finally broke the cycle, I became self-aware for pretty much the first time in my life...hehehe The journey since has been more of a straighter path than it was that old *going in circles* pattern I was living. This new path has been a bit rocky at times. And it was tempting more than once to go back to familiar habits and patterns from my past. But God has been my guide and has helped me keep moving forward toward the life He created for me.

I've been in a meditative reflection for most of this year so far. The current Bible study book we're doing has come at just the right time; which keeps happening...LOL It has been a pleasant reminder of just how temporal this life can be. In a way, this latest book has giving me a chuckle at how I used to deal with my life...HAHAHA What used to bring me comfort and happiness in the moment was actually causing more harm than good. Looking to worldly solutions to solve life's problems seems to have just make more problems in my life. I'm grateful God never gave up on me...LOL

Part of what inspired me to reflect on such things this year is what happened nearly 20 years ago. This October, I'll be celebrating 20 years since my suicide attempt. The last 20 years have been far from rainbows and puppies. But there have been some wonderful things that happened among all the bad. I keep thanking God for saving me because of all of the good things and amazing people I have in my life today despite what I tried to do that day.

I have a lot to celebrate today.