# TBD

How am I doing? I'm okay. Yes, just *okay*. And that's...okay...LOL I have a lot on my heart lately. Some of it is a little heavier than I'd like it to be. I've been experiencing some anxiety I wasn't expecting. But I'm also experiencing some happiness I wasn't expecting either. Emotions are doing their thing. They come and go with very little explanation or not so much as a *how do you do*. I'm glad I see emotions as fleeting now. That means I don't get stuck in them. Realizing how much they come and go is helping me with balancing them all out. I remain in a state of contentment.

Happy Monday, by the way. Another week as begun. I had a pleasant weekend. I had anxiety part of the day yesterday. But it didn't last long. And I had a good day at Disney on Saturday. My fellowship time with Cherie yesterday was such a Blessing. We've changed up how we do our Bible study discussions. We aren't reading through the material together anymore. We just discuss what insights we journaled throughout the week. I like this change. I did enjoy reading the material together. But in a way, it made it a little more difficult to focus on the insights we received in our separate studies and time with God. We read through it independently already. By only discussing our insights, we get to focus solely on what God is revealing about Himself through the Bible study. That's what I like about this change.

The rest of the month we be different for our fellowship time. I'll be traveling to Indiana and spending two weeks up there. This coming weekend is also Father's Day. Between my travel, and the holiday, we won't be able to do our video call. I'll admit, I'm sad about that. Even when we took a two week break from the study, we still did our fellowship time. From time to time, we have to skip a weekend. So, this is no different than that. But I still feel sad about it. The following weekend should work out for us to get together. We'll do the final two lessons of the current book and wrap up season 4 of *The Chosen*. And the week after that, we'll not get to have our call again due to my traveling home. Again, I'm sad about that too. We'll most likely be taking a break that week anyway, though. We will be finished with the current study and the next devotional book won't arrive until the first of July. In a way, it's another natural break to give us time to reflect on what God is doing in our lives. Both individually and within our fellowship together. So, although I'm sad, I'm also glad God is providing what we need in this part of the journey <3

I used to fight with my emotions...hehehe I used to think that I shouldn't be sad, mad, or any of the so called *negative* emotions. I wanted to always be happy or glad all of the time. I imagine most people want that. Nobody wants fear or anxiety. And those were the emotions I typically had most of the time. Those drove me to sadness and depression. I'd try to do what I could to find happiness where I could. *They say* happiness is a choice. Sure, yeah, absolutely...LOL Since happiness is a choice, so is sadness and anxiety, right?!? LOL That may or may not be true. But for me, I'm learning that I need to face all of my emotions, regardless if they are positive or negative. The real choice I have is in how I respond to them all. They are fleeting and impacted by so many things, both external and internal. I'm going to go so far as to say I need to embrace all emotions. But I will say that I'll face them with grace.

The *happiness is a choice* thing really doesn't address those situations when you really can't choose how to feel.