# The Good News According to John

<sup>1</sup> In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
<sup>2</sup> The same was in the beginning with God.
<sup>3</sup> All things were made through him. Without him, nothing was made that has been made.
<sup>4</sup> In him was life, and the life was the light of men.
<sup>5</sup> The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness hasn't overcome it.

<sup>6</sup> There came a man sent from God, whose name was John.
<sup>7</sup> The same came as a witness, that he might testify about the light, that all might believe through him.
<sup>8</sup> He was not the light, bout was sent that he might testify about the light.
<sup>9</sup> The true light that enlightens everyone was coming into the world.

<sup>10</sup> He was in the world, and the world was made through him, and the world didn't recognize him.
<sup>11</sup> He came to his own, and those who were his own didn't receive him.
<sup>12</sup> But as many as received him, to them he gave the right to become God's children, to those who believe in his name:
<sup>13</sup> who were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.

<sup>14</sup> The Word became flesh and lived among us. We saw his glory, such glory as of the only born Son of the Father, full of grace and truth.
<sup>15</sup> John testified about him. He cried out saying, "This was he of who I said, 'He who comes after me has surpassed me, for he was before me.'"
<sup>16</sup> From his fullness we all received grace upon grace.
<sup>17</sup> For the law was given through Moses. Grace and truth were realized through Jesus Christ.
<sup>18</sup> No one has seen God at any time. The only born Son, who is in the bosom of the Father, has declared him.

<sup>19</sup> This is John's testimony, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, "Who are you?"
<sup>20</sup> He declared, and didn't deny, but he declared, "I am not the Christ."
<sup>21</sup> They asked him, "What then? Are you Elijah?" He said, "I am not." "Are you the prophet?" He answered, "No."

<sup>22</sup> The said therefore to him, "Who are you? Give us an answer to take back to those who sent us. What do you say about yourself?"

<sup>23</sup> He said, "I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, 'Make straight the way of the Lord,' as Isaiah the prophet said."

<sup>24</sup> The ones who had been sent were from the Pharisees.
<sup>25</sup> They asked him, "Why then do you baptize if you are not the Christ, nor Elijah, nor the Prophet?"

