# TBD

Transitioning back into my routines is going well. Far better than I expected after being away for 2 weeks. I've slowly gotten back into things. That's what I do...hehehe But it hasn't been the struggle I imagined it would be. In fact, I didn't even struggle for the 2 weeks I wasn't doing my routine. I missed a lot of things. But I was also enjoying being with family. It was a good balance.

One thing from my routine I wasn't all that happy about getting away from was my daily *Bible in a Year* readings. Starting yesterday, I'm tripling up on those to catch up. I have a goal of being back on track by next week. There isn't anything wrong with being behind. I just don't like that I am. If I don't catch up this week, I'm okay with it, though. I made family time a priority over that. I still remained in the word and in prayer the whole time. I just didn't do any of the extra things I love to do...like the Bible in a Year readings...hehehe

But I did learn, in retrospect, that I can still find time for things like that when I'm doing things like vacationing or visiting Indiana. I gave it a break so that I could figure that out. My concern was focus. When it comes to prayer and Bible study, I find that I need to focus. Taking the break and observing how things were in those moments for 2 weeks, allowed me to pay attention to how I was feeling and how to recognize opportunities to focus on such things.

One key observation I made was how I remained connected to God throughout this experience. Despite the change in routine and not doing my Bible in a Year readings, I had no trouble focusing my prayers. Even in moments with distractions all around, I was still able to pray with focus. There were even a few times when this made an impact on how a handled a few situations that came up. As with any family, there are things that happen that are extremely uncomfortable. For the first time in my life, I was able to smoothly navigate those *storms* through prayer in the moment.

This isn't to say that it was easy to do. It most certainly was not. The calmness and peace I felt in my heart as I was praying through a few situations was contradictory to how I wanted to respond...LOL I even had a few moments when I was like, *Who is this person I've become?! I don't recognize myself!* LOL I mean that in a good way, of course. I was praising the Lord afterward because I'm so grateful for the transformation He has be doing in my heart this past year. I really like the person He is molding me into...hehehe I sure do wish it was easier. But I'm beyond grateful for what He is doing.

