# TBD

I've reflected on this past year a lot this month. Especially this week now that I'm back home again. I had a full year. And today I say goodbye to being 46. Tomorrow, I increment that number to 47...hehehe

I had a good year. It makes me feel very Blessed. Noticed the capital *B* there? I acknowledge God as the author of my journey. I'm very grateful for all that He has provided. I had to weather several storms this past year. But He didn't allow me to sink...hehehe

A year ago, I was getting ready for the Dodgers to open their season on my birthday. And I had planned to visit some botanical gardens that day. I watched most of that game, and I visited several gardens...hehehe It was a beautiful day and a great way to start off my personal New Year.

Back then, I didn't look at my birthday as a personal New Year. I was inspired to start looking at it this way when Cherie started talking about it for her birthday last year. So, this year is the first time I'm celebrating it as a New Year.

As an added bonus, my birthday is also the first day of Spring. At least this year, it is. It isn't every year. But it is most. And I personally feel that the year should begin in Spring. This is the season when things begin to wake up from their Winter slumber...hehehe

Spring is my favorite time of year. Although, I don't really dislike any season anymore. If I had to pick a favorite, it would be Spring. I suppose that could be because of my birthday. But deep down, I just love to see things wake up...hehehe

But I also love that time when we fall asleep. So, the Fall can also be a lovely time for me. Summer and Winter are a mixed bag...LOL I still love those seasons, though.

