# TBD

## MASSIVE DEADLY FIRE AT EPCOT

NOT! There was a fire at EPCOT today. But a few of the headlines for the breaking news on those silly Disney "news" sites used phrases like *massive* and *deadly*. That's why I don't follow those sources. They sensationalize things to the extreme as click bait. The fire was behind the bakery in the France pavilion and appears to have just been a small  building that caught fire. No injuries were reported and the fire was quickly extinguished. *Thanks to the convenience of mobile phone cameras*, there were a few videos posted quickly on social media about it. The plume of smoke was pretty big and was black. So it looked far worse than it actually was. I'm glad no one was hurt and they were able to contain it quickly. They only had to close off and evacuate the France pavilion. I applaud the first responders and Cast for keeping everyone safe and taking care of it so quickly.

## Social Media

I've been more active on my socials lately. I had been missing what it used to feel like a while ago. Social media doesn't *feel* like it used to. But I realized that part of the reason is that I had become less active. I had just mostly been posting my own stuff from time to time. I wasn't responding to other people's posts...LOL I used to be very responsive with all sorts of people. And not just on my own posts. Social media may have changed over the last year or so. But more so, I have changed. The *problem* wasn't so much social media as it has been me...hehehe

I've enjoyed some of the interactions I've had this week. I'll try to keep this up and see how it goes. I don't think things will ever be like they once were. But that's okay. Change is good. Nostalgia is good. Finding a balance is what I'm aiming for. I'll do some cleaning up of my feed in the process. I'll keep posting things as I feel inspired. And I'll jump in on the conversations others are trying to start. It can all be fun if I don't overthink it...hehehe

## Bible in a Year

I've mentioned that I was behind on my Bible in a Year. I also mentioned how I've been tripling up on my daily readings in an effort to catch up. Well, today, I'm happy to report that I'm all caught up now. I ended up doing 4 session today; which included today's scheduled reading.

I haven't yet caught up on posting the plan here on my website. That will take some time. But I think I'll start posting the plan daily again beginning tomorrow. I'll catch up on the last 3 weeks eventually. The reason that it is so difficult is that I'm posting the Bible chapters along with the plan itself. The Bible includes the audio version. And the plan includes videos from YouTube. So, there is a lot of work that goes into posting. Once the year is up, though, all of it will be there and I won't have to post it all again next year. I can simply update anything new along the way.

I'd like to keep reading this plan in the years to come. It doesn't take up much time in my day. Plus I seem to learn new things with each reading that I didn't know from the previous year. I've been more engaged in the reading this year than I was last year, too. I'm really enjoying it! Even the more difficult stuff like the Law...hehehe

## Featured Photos

The featured photos will be a little easier to catch up on posting. I haven't started that yet. But I hope to soon. Originally, I was posting a description of each. I stopped doing that. When I get around to catching up on that, I'll just post the photo for that day. I was getting to the point where I was just writing words for the sake of it. I don't like to write like that. If I do find inspiration to write something, I'll still do that. But I'm not going to write about the photos just for the sake of it anymore.

