# TBD

I went to bed last night around midnight. But I didn't get up until around 7:45am...hmmm I'm listening to my body on this one. But it seems as thought that was a long time in bed for me...LOL It has been a while since I averaged such a long slumber. I've been enjoying the 6 to 6 and half hours of sleep I was averaging last year because I could get so much more done in a day. Even as this calendar year began, I was averaging about that. But lately, it seems as though I've needed more sleep. I'm feeling really good. So perhaps my body just needs the rest for now...hehehe

An important part of my routine that has been disrupted this month has been my walking. The exception was Disney...hehehe I did a lot of walking there. But the week in Indiana, and this past week, I've done very little walking. I was able to get a good amount of walking in today, though. I did at least 3 miles today. I've walked a little here and there this past week. But not my usual.

In reading my journal entries from a year ago, I was reminded I used to go out most mornings to observe the sunrise. I haven't done that in quite sometime now. I really miss that. I'm not sure if I'll be able to get that back into my routine anytime soon. But it has been on my mind.

Things in life ebbs and flows. I'm doing so much better with that lately...LOL I've been able to embrace these changes and accept them. I do get sad about it sometimes. It can also be frustrating at times. I'm just not letting it distract me from being able to enjoy each day for what it is. I'm also where I'm supposed to be doing what I'm supposed to be doing.

Of course, I mean that at a high level. I still make my mistakes...LOL Each day isn't perfect. And neither am I...HAHAHA I'm more speaking about how I'm not really in control. All I have control of is how I respond and react to the circumstances I face...LOL

