# TBD

Weird sleep continued last night...LOL I went to bed at midnight. My white noise app turned off at 6:30am. I woke up around 7:15am...hehehe I'm glad my body and mind are getting sleep. It just seems like more than I need. But I've also been experiencing some strange dreams.

Work is speeding up again. We are getting into production testing season. The *Big Bang* weekend is in mid-May. So, I'm glad we are finally getting into the production testing. I had been getting my systems all setup. And then I had to wait for some stuff. That is all finally happening. We have a kickoff meeting with the business users on Thursday. Hopefully they'll be able to start testing by the end of the week or start of next week.

Other than that, most of my work right now is busy work. I have some documentation that I'm working on that needs finished. And I'm setting up some things that nobody has ever gotten around to doing. We are using this spare time to take care of all these other little things.

I learned a lesson making dinner tonight 🤭 I made a mistake and had to start over...but I don’t see it as a failure so much as I see it as an opportunity to learn 🤗❤️ I made chowmein and stumbled a bit while draining the water from cooking the noodles. The noodles ended up in the sink...LOL I've actually done that before. But it was a long time ago when I was having trouble with my tremor. Tonight, I was just being silly...LOL I was doing something *fancy* and oops! I shrugged and decided I learned something...LOL

I thanked God for how I handled this mishap. I remember how I used to feel when I would make a mistake like this. I would feel disappointed in myself. Especially when I'm so hungry and knew that it would take longer to get to the satisfaction of eating...LOL There were times when I would just give up and go out to eat. Or I would just eat snack foods so I wouldn't have to start over. But this time, I wasn't even sad about it. I was very hungry and didn't like that I had set myself back another 20 mins or so. But I was okay with it. And dinner worked out the second time <3



Today's photo...

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/03/24.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/03/24) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

[Today's Bible in a Year session](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/03/24) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.
