# TBD

## 07:45am

Good morning! My sleep hit the mark a little better this time...hehehe I didn't go to bed until around 12:30am this time, though. I watched the Dodgers game last night. They lost in the bottom of the 9th to the Angels. Fortunately, this game didn't count...LOL But I hope they win tonight! Anyway, I got up around 7:15am. So, just about 6 and half hours of sleep. And I feel fantastic!

I'm so glad to be back to journaling. I really missed it for the 3 weeks I didn't journal. It felt so weird not to be writing...anything! Now, I'm back on a nearly daily pace again.

Normally, I've done these timestamp entries to help me get back into the swing of things. When I went back to writing last week, I didn't do one though. Today, I was inspired by Cherie to do one...hahaha Something I really love about these is that it feels like going on a journey throughout the day when we go back and read them again. A year from now, I'll likely read this and enjoy the day all over again. At least, I hope I can enjoy it this first time around...LOL So, here we goooooo! (In classic Disney Peter Pan's voice, of course)

## 09:30am

The morning is going really well. Work be working...LOL And the cinnamon toast was amazing. The coffee be vibing...LOL And now I'm taking a moment to reflect.

Speaking of toast. I don't recall when I started having this multigrain toast with cinnamon. But I sure to enjoy it. It's a light breakfast that carries me well into my lunch time. I'm very glad I started doing it. And the bread was created by someone who spent 15 years in prison. He changed while he was in there and his brother welcomed him back into the family bakery. Second chances are important. Especially when someone has turned their life around. I connect with his story. I never went to prison or anything like that. But I certainly needed some second and third chances in my life.

I'm still having trouble reconnecting on social media. That's okay. But it does have me thinking about some communities outside of the mainstream social media networks that I'm considering. Last year, I thought about joining The Unsealed. I'm still considering that. But I'm now also considering The Bible Recap. In both cases, there is a cost to join the communities. That has it's pros and cons. A solid pro is that everyone in those communities has paid just like me. That means the connections are more likely to be genuine. There isn't anything 100% aside from the Goodness of God...HAHAHA But the odds seem better considering the cost. How many bad people would be willing to pay to be in a community to just mess with people?! LOL

I've also thought about creating my own community. I had done that long ago in 1999 with Internet Community Church. I'm thinking about starting that back up again. It had a purpose back then. And it was before social media was a thing. I lost sight of things back when I closed its doors around 2002. Is it time to bring it back? Its certainly something that has been on my heart for months.

## 10:15am

I've been randomly singing hymns I learned as a child...hehehe I just recited *Trust and Obey*. I didn't sing it, though. I appreciate those hymns. I do enjoy today's worship music. But those hymns told stories from the Bible. They help me connect better, I think. I've been doing this often the last few years. Now that I'm watching the traditional service from CUMC, I've started doing it more often...hehehe

It's a bit gloomy here today. At least this morning. The forecast is showing sunshine here in a bit. I never enjoyed the gloom in Indiana. That's because it would last for days or weeks. Here in Florida, it comes and goes. I do enjoy the climate here and the constant changes. I'll be going out for a walk here soon. It will be my first of the day. I wonder if the sun will appear while I'm walking?

I'm glad to be taking photos and videos more this year. I've been more intentional with it. I choose the featured photo based on how I feel about the day. But having that as part of my routine has inspired me to take more videos and photos. It has helped me pay more attention. Most of the photos come from my walks around the pond...LOL That's okay. It's a big part of my day most of the time.

## 11:00am

On my walk, I came across 9 species of birds. Having noticed so many yesterday, I have set out to count them better today. I got up to about 15 yesterday. Today, I'll keep counting until I'm done for the day...hehehe

I came across one of my neighbors I hadn't seen in about a month. He thought I might have moved...LOL I told him that about a week after we last talked, I took a 2 week vacation and that it has been difficult to get back into my walking routine after I got back...LOL He's looking to move this summer. So I only have a few months left to have chats with him and pet his dog :(

As I hoped, and the forecast predicted, the sun came out while I was on my walk. If the forecast continues to be accurate, it will be sunny the remainder of the day. I may need to switch into shorts for my walks later. It gets warm-to-hot when I walk in directly sunlight...hehehe

I've been doing laundry today. I don't like to do it during the week. But sometimes that happens. The last time I did laundry, it was after my long time away. Clothes, towels, and bedding all needed washed. I did something like 7 loads that day. Today, it will only be 3.



Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/03/24.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/03/24) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

📖 [Today's Bible in a Year session](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/03/24) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.