# TBD

As of the beginning of the month, I'm back to sleeping on the floor. Just before my vacation, I finally settle in on a new floor mattress. I had been thinking about it for a while and was *window* shopping at Amazon. When my nephews invited me to be a part of their Disney vacation, I seized the opportunity to make a final decision. I chose one that I could use in the hotel room at Disney. I didn't want to share a bed with one of them. Not because I have an issue with them...hehehe It's just that I don't really like sharing a bed...LOL That goes all the way back to childhood. I only share a bed with my spouse or my son. Since I'm not married, and Malachi wasn't on this trip, that meant I would rather sleep on the floor...LOL I like it. It folds up nicely and has a carry case for travel. I could technically check it into the airlines as checked baggage if I wanted. I'm not likely going to do that. But it is perfect for my use at home and if I need a bed when I visit places I can drive to. I slept on the floor from around September of 2021 through around September of 2022. After that, I got a free bed from my sister that she used to have in a guest room. I really missed sleeping on the floor. Now that I'm back on the floor, I'm sleeping so much better...LOL

Another recent change I've made is I now grind my coffee beans manually. With my tremor, my hands were always in intense pain when doing things manually with my hands. My improved health, and how my tremor has calmed in the climate I live in now, led to me washing my dishes by hand beginning around November last year. That has been therapeutic and has validated the improvements in my tremor. I've been pain free! Yay!!! Well, I pondered for a while if I would be able to manually grind coffee now. Everything else about my coffee has been manually done since January last year. This grinding process was the only thing I used a machine to do. A Twitter *friend* posted something about a manually grinder he was using and had stated it was something he did for he and his wife's coffee each day. I asked him about it and decided it would be a good choice for my first manual grinder...hehehe So, for a week now, I've been manually grinding my beans. I'm happy to say I've felt no pain. And it is as therapeutic as hand washing my dishes. I've also noticed that the coffee grounds are so much better now. Which in turn makes a better decanter of coffee.

When I got dressed today, I just put on a nice shirt and some shorts. Around lunch time, I decided I wanted to have lunch at Zen. I enjoyed dressing retro so much on my birthday that I decided to go retro for my lunch at Zen...hehehe What a difference this has been making. I doubt anyone else notices how much happier this makes me...hehehe But I can't really describe how happy I am *dressing up*. What I'm doing with the retro isn't as *fancy* as my dapper outfits. But it makes me feel just as good.

As of last year, I'm on the lookout for opportunities for God to use me or show me something about Himself. Today was no different. While I was at Zen, someone got a phone call that their mother was in a car accident. Her daughter is one of my friends from Zen...so my friend's grandmother was the one in the accident. I've been praying about this ever since. I've reached out and last I heard is they were at the hospital. But it sounds like things are okay. I'll check in again tomorrow. I'm grateful God showed me an opportunity to pray for them.