# 90 Days

As March comes to a close, I've done a little reflection on the calendar year so far. I'm mostly referring to the photos I've been featuring this year. If I were to reflect on the world's year so far, it hasn't been a great one...LOL But as far as my own personal experience, it has been okay. I'm grateful for the photos. Today, I didn't take any throughout the day. I decided to take the one below just so I would have one for today...LOL

Because I've featured a photo each day and the Bible in a Year plan, I know today is the 90th day of the year. It's also the end of the first quarter. But, my personal year is still just beginning...hehehe

Today is Tyrese's birthday. Tomorrow is Stephanie's. Both of them were born the same year...hehehe Both are my friends. But they don't know about each other...LOL Relationships are funny like that sometimes. I sometimes wonder who out there knows about me but I don't know them. Or who do I know that doesn't know anything about me. It's an interesting thought.

This week's Bible study lesson is amazing! I'm only just beginning it. But I've already read through the whole lesson and watched the episode. I started the first session where I actually begin writing out my thoughts. I'm really enjoying these Bible study lessons. They keep building on each other and they are always timely for things going on in my life. This week's is no different...hehehe

The Dodgers are doing well so far tonight. I'll not get to finish the game before I go to bed. But I'll be cheering them on in my dreams...LOL I'll still be seeing most of the game, though.

I didn't have much to say today. Just some random thoughts tonight. The day itself was uneventful. I still did my normal routine; which included my 3 walks. I did another Meatless Monday. I think that is becoming a regular thing now. Like Taco Tuesday...LOL Tomorrow, I'm making tilapia tacos...hehehe

But for now, I'll wrap this up and go read last years entry from this day...hehehe And keep watching the game until I go to bed...LOL

Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/03/31.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/03/31) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

📖 [Today's Bible in a Year session](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/03/31) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.