# Hear Ye, Hear Ye!

I'm not sure how much I'll put in today's journal entry. But I wanted to write something today. I have a few things that are relevant for today...hehehe But I'm also about to go on a trip and wanted to kick that off in today's journal. I hope to journal each evening on the trip to catalog what I did that day and what I thought about. Part of the point of this trip is to get out of my own head and sort of do a reset to kick off the second half of this calendar year. It will also be a reflection on the first quarter of my personal year.

Today is dad's birthday! Happy Birthday Dad!!! He turns 70 today. He was born in California near the area I'm traveling to. It is somewhat serendipitous that it worked out that I'd be traveling there just after his 70th birthday...hehehe I've been in his life for the last 46 years. So he would have been 23 the day I was born and turned 24 3 months later. He was so young and probably didn't know what he was doing...LOL j/k He's doing pretty well overall. I imagine he'll be around for quite sometime to come; Lord Willing, of course.

My late cousin's birthday is on the 4th. My aunt and uncle have a hard time with that still. He passed away a few years ago from some sort of heart event. I don't recall if it was a heart attack, heart disease, or what it was. But it had something to do with his heart. They have a rough time on most holidays. But especially this one because it was his birthday. I try to encourage them through it all. It's so difficult. They've adopted me as sort of a son after his death. I'll definitely reach out to them that day. But I'll be praying for strength. I am not their son. I can't hold the weight of that burden on my heart. Not that they lie it on me. It's just that I have empathy for their circumstance.

My transition to the new company has been going smoothly. I've changed jobs several times over the years. This is by far the smoothest transition I have ever had to make. Part of that is due to the fact I'm technically doing the same job. But I'd say even setting up my new benefits and onboarding with the company's policies and training has been the smoothest I have ever experienced as well. I also found out the pay schedule is the exact same. So there will be no need to adjust any of my bill paying; even temporarily. The only 2 differences are that 1) my next paycheck will be coming from 2 sources on the same day, and 2) I'll just be getting the remainder of my pay from a different company than I have for the last few years going forward...hehehe It couldn't have been smoother!

This short week hasn't even been stressful. There was a brief moment of stress yesterday. But it was only because I reacted to a specific person that triggers my stress sometimes...hehehe Other than that brief moment, these last few days have been great with my work. Because of that, I was able to complete all of the onboarding training for the new company before my vacation! Yay!!! I'm taking my work laptop with me just in case an issue arises while I'm gone. Normally I wouldn't worry about doing that. But one of my systems is critical, my backup really isn't prepared to fix any issues without me yet, and we are going through this big transition right now. It's the perfect storm of risk. I didn't want to add to that by not being available in an emergency...hehehe I am very okay with this. I wasn't specifically asked. I offered and my boss gladly accepted. The system doesn't operate on weekends or holidays. So I'll only be called upon if something happens Wednesday, Friday, or Monday. With the exception of the times I'll be on the plane, I'll be available in an emergency those days. And any emergency can wait for me with no rush.

Speaking of my boss, I'm so glad I didn't lose him with this transition. What I was bummed about the most was the possibility I would lose him during this transition. He is the best leader I have had the privilege to work with. I say *with* because it doesn't feel like I'm working *for* him. He is a true leader. A *lead by example* leader. He works right along side us. He is actually my aforementioned backup on that critical system. But he isn't up to speed quite yet...hehehe

As part of this transition, my approved vacation time did not transfer. My previous employer will be paying me out of the PTO I would have been using but I haven't accrued time with the new employer yet. So, technically, I don't have the time to take off. However, my boss being the amazing guy he is gave me approval to keep my plans without it counting against me. I get 3 free days...hehehe That's another reason why I'm okay with taking my laptop with me in case of emergencies. Although I don't feel obligated, I do feel grateful and want to be available for emergencies. I didn't earn this time off, after all...hehehe

Well, I have *officially* left theChapel. Since my departure wasn't due to any issues between me or the church, I do feel as though I'll still visit from time to time. It simply isn't on my path any longer. This decision is one of faith and not feelings; which is good. I've gotten mixed reactions to this, though. In leu of sending a text to let my friends know, I physically went to service this past Sunday.

In one reaction, they expressed serious concerns and question my decision. That's okay, and I'm glad they said something. It gave me the opportunity to pray about their concerns to see what God says about it. In another reaction, I was given excitement and encouragement for what God has planned for my path. In yet another reaction, there was confusion as they thought theChapel was a great place for me.

Well, honestly, theChapel was exactly what I needed for the season I needed it in. That season has come to an end and a new one has begun. I'm very much looking forward to what comes next. I don't really know what is coming...hehehe But I'm excited for it! These past few seasons have been life changing! In the story of my life lately, these chapters have been real page turners. As my friend Chérie put it, *I trust the next chapter because I know the Author*.

As I've been mentioning lately, I'm traveling to California this week. I leave super early tomorrow morning. I have to wake up around 2:30 am Eastern. My flight leaves around 6 am Eastern. But when I get to California, it'll be around 12:30 pm Pacific...hehehe I'll have been awake for 13 hours by then...LOL I thought about staying awake tonight through tomorrow night. But I've decided I'm going to bed super early and try to get some sleep this evening instead. I'll want to stay up as long as possible tomorrow night to acclimate to Pacific time and realign with my current schedule. So the next few days will be a little wacky, to say the least. It won't be quite as wacky on my return home next week, though.

Chérie's birthday is on the 4th! I'm so excited for her new personal year to begin. And I get to help kick it off with her on Saturday! Yay!!! Yep, I'm pretty excited...hehehe I also get to have her autograph the 2 books she is in...hehehe I'll be shouting, *Hear ye, hear ye! May I have everyone's attention?!? Please join me in celebrating my deer (that's with 2 e's) friend, Chérie!* Okay...well, I'm only kidding. But in my heart, I'll be shouting...hehehe

Is California ready for me? Probably! Am I ready for California? Nope! I have to finish packing...LOL