# TBD

It has been a really long day...hehehe With the exception of a quick nap today, I've been up for nearly 24 hours now. By the time I go to sleep tonight, I'll have been up for at least 24 hours...hehehe Half of that time was my traveling to California, though. I took the nap so I could make it through church tonight...LOL

The travel stuff is pretty boring. So I won't go into details. Both flights were smooth and on schedule. So nothing out of the ordinary to talk about there. Picking up my rental car was very smooth. The car has Apple CarPlay in it. So I'm able to be hands-free and navigate as easily as I do with my own car back home. I was able to check into my hotel early. So even that was super smooth. All around, it was a fantastic day to travel and was a pleasant experience. To entertain myself, I watched both of the recent *Dune* movies. They are *okay* for what they are. They aren't likely movies I'll watch again unless they make a third movie. It felt like they left it open for a third.

After I settled into my hotel, I was pretty hungry. I had a few snacks on the flights and at the airport in Las Vegas. But I hadn't had a real meal all day...hehehe I decided to check out Indo Bistro. They have Indonesian food...hence the Indo in the name, I'm guessing...hehehe I had risoles (chicken rolls) and a mie veggie bowl (noodles with veggies and tofu). You'll notice I said chicken. Yep, I had meat...hehehe I decided I didn't want to stick to my pescatarian diet on this trip. It can be restricting in some places. So I decided I didn't want to worry about it on vacation. I just want to enjoy the entire experience. My diet isn't 100% about my health or even a personal preference. It's just what my body has been craving. So far, the chicken hasn't caused me any distress.

After lunch, I did today's *The Chosen* devotional. I was super tired when I was working through it. By then, I'd already been awake for like 15 or 16 hours and had spent the day traveling...LOL There was part of it that I couldn't quite comprehend. In hindsight, I probably should have taken a nap before doing it. I took the nap after...hehehe Fortunately, this is the only day I'll have that difficulty. The other days, I'll be well rested when I do it. Someday, I'll go through all of these devotionals again. When I do this one again, I'll probably comprehend it better...hehehe

