# TBD

First, and foremost, Happiest of Birthdays to Chérie! I know she reads this blog...hehehe So I wanted to say that to her, again, here...hehehe I can't wait to see her this weekend <3 It so surreal that I'm currently only a few miles from her right now. We live about 2000 miles apart. But my trip has closed that gap quite a bit...hehehe

People seem to know my hotel well. It appears it is a local chain. I hadn't heard of it before this trip. I chose it due to its proximity to the church. It's actually turned out to be an excellent choice in general. It's really nice. For the most part, it has been quite. I find it really easy to get to. When I adventure off away from the hotel, it has been really easy navigating back. Even coming in from the airport was super easy. The highway was backed up when I was coming in from the airport. But the exit I needed had a lane that was empty. So the traffic didn't bother me at all...LOL And the staff have been really friendly. There haven't been any spontaneous dance parties or random character meet & greets...hehehe But this isn't Disney...LOL

The views around here are amazing. I knew I loved the mountains. But it had been so long since I've been anywhere with mountains that I had forgotten just how much I loved them. Could I possible live in Diamond Bar someday?!? *Maybe*...hehehe Even with my stop in Las Vegas, what I loved seeing the most was the mountains. I could see a few of the famous hotels from the airport. But the mountains were where my eyes were drawn.

Well, today, I ended up on a mountain! Yay!!! I had no idea I would be *climbing* a mountain on this trip. I had absolutely no plans to do so and hadn't even given it a thought. I did look into Eaton Canyon as a possible place to check out. This morning, I prayed about where God wanted to join me for a day of adventure...hehehe I like to ask Him what He wants to teach me through my day's experiences. But today I worded the prayer to be more of *where are we going today?!?* As I've written before about this trip, I didn't want to plan out every moment of this trip. I wanted serendipity and spontaneity to play a role in this adventure. Today's page in the chapter of the book of my life was beyond words. I'll do my best to write a little about it here. But know that what I say does not come close to what it was like while experiencing it.

After I completed today's *The Chosen* devotional, I took a look at the list of places I had looked into. I almost decided to go to Azusa Wilderness Park today. I may go there tomorrow. But I ended up choosing Eaton Canyon because it is near Pasadena. I really wanted to find the *Little Old Lady from Pasadena*...LOL j/k But that song was really why I chose it today over Azusa...hehehe That's how my mind works sometimes...hehehe

I didn't really know what to expect with Eaton Canyon. I looked it up...but websites never capture what one can really expect out of a place like that. When I arrived, the place looked packed. I suppose the holiday had something to do with that? They directed me to the overflow lot and instructed me to park on the street if the overflow lot was full. In my mind, I felt the lot would have a spot for me...and it did...hehehe

After parking, I headed right to the Eaton Canyon Trail. At first, I was like, *well, this is easy*. But my thoughts quickly turned toward the amazing views of the mountains. I started taking so many photos and thanking God for healing my body as much as He has so I could enjoy this adventure. Just 18 months ago, I could barely walk on a flat surface. Yet, here I was walking a hiking trail. The trail wasn't much at the beginning and people from all walks of life were enjoying it...no pun intended...hehehe

At one point, I was given a choice at a fork in the trail. One path led to a view of Eaton Canyon. Whereas the other path led to a water fall. I decided to go to the canyon view because I noticed there were fewer people on that path. As I mentioned above, the park was packed...hehehe 