# TBD

Today was my last full day on this adventure. And what a great day it was! But I'll admit, I'm not sad that this is my last. I'm already dreaming about my next visit...hehehe I would like to make this a regular thing...except maybe not in the summer again...hehehe I was fine with the heat. But it was a bit hot for Chérie yesterday. And also, the crowds were a bit much for me. But none of that is the point of today's journal entry...so let's get started!

I skipped breakfast today...LOL I was too excited to be at church to deal with trying to fit breakfast in before going. Breakfast at the hotel didn't start until 7am today and church started at 8am. I didn't want to feel rushed. I got to the church a bit early. I actually always do that...hehehe I think I was there around 7:40ish. That service isn't packed. So I probably could have had breakfast and gotten there at 7:55 and would have been okay.

The service went well as usual. I felt a little out of place, though. I like to move a lot when I worship. So I felt a little restrained today. I actually felt that way on Wednesday as well. I'm not sure I mentioned it...hehehe Worship isn't about how I feel, though. It is about acknowledging the subject of my affection...God. I no longer allow the song choices, how well the band plays, how well the singers sing, or how much movement the congregation is accustomed to, to affect my worship. It's all about the heart of worship. I've wrestled with this throughout my life. Knowing who it is I'm worship is making the difference now. I'm basically saying that I'm not performing...hehehe And I have an audience of 1...God Himself. May my song be an offering to my King...hehehe

The sermon was the first in what Pastor Raul is calling a series on Angels & Demons. He read from Genesis 3 today. One of the things I love about this church is that he reads directly from the word. It isn't some message with a few scriptures sprinkled in, justified by a message. It's the Word justified by itself. That said, I'm not saying that most modern churches get it wrong. Perhaps both styles are good. For those just coming to Christ, perhaps they need a modern message with scripture sprinkled in. I'm not going to question how God uses the church. I'm simply saying I prefer the verse by verse approach. I want to know and understand the whole Word of God. That's what God uses to grow me personally.

There isn't a perfect church. They are all organized by humans, after all. Just like us as individuals, the church body is being sanctified by Jesus. So, although I am openly in *search* of a church, I'm certainly not going to expect to find the *perfect* church...hehehe By *search*, I really mean that I'm currently seeking God's Will in faith. I believe that I'll know when I'm meant to know. I'm asking Him to lead me to a church, as I seek His Will, and He will be the one who provides the door for me to knock on.

Anyway...hehehe After church, I headed over to the LA Arboretum. WOW!!! That places is AMAZING! I want to move here just so I can become a member and frequent the place! I already knew it was going to be really nice. But I honestly was not prepared for what I found there. I did take some photographs today. However, I spent most of my time just soaking it all in. I didn't take enough to showcase the beauty that makes up the entire experience. There was just too much to take in to be bothered with capturing it all. The funniest part, though, was the fact I was there for more than 8 hours...LOL So, technically, I probably could have captured it all...hehehe The following paragraphs will explain best why I didn't take a lot of photos even though I was there for so long...

