# TBD

I'm a bit tired today...hehehe I did not sleep well last night. I kept dreaming about California. I woke up in the middle of the night around 3:14am; which would have been around 12:14am in California. I'm not really on California time right now, though. I got up to go to bathroom...LOL As for the poor sleep. Well, I think that was due to the anxiety of yesterday. So it's explainable...hehehe

I almost fell asleep during a meeting...oops! But speaking of work, it has been a low key kind of week. The transition to the new company has been going smoothly. Not stressful whatsoever. There are a few more events left with that for this month. There are also some out in the future later this year and into next year. It's a slow process. But I think that makes things a little better. For me at least...hehehe

I have a few new responsibilities now. Nothing too big yet. They aren't full on projects. I'm hoping to get some big projects soon. I am one who tends to thrive on the big stuff. I get excited and dive right on in. When I'm doing simple tasks, I often feel like I'm not doing enough for the company. But I'm reminded that I'm doing exactly what I'm supposed to be doing...hehehe

I haven't gone back to social media yet. I do get on there to check in on what a few folks are posting. But I don't scroll for long. When I was on my trip, I didn't feel like posting anything. I was living in the moment. But now that I'm back to my routine, I haven't gotten up to speed with that part yet. Honestly, I don't miss it much...hehehe I suppose if I get bored, I'll get back into the habit of scrolling more...LOL In the meantime, I'll keep checking out the latest for the few I feel drawn to keep up with...hehehe

The weather has been a bit dreary since I've been back. I think the sun has come out a couple of times. But it wasn't at a time I could go outside and enjoy it. Yesterday's *warm hug* photo sort of had some sunlight. But it was filtered through cloud cover and wasn't direct. But that's okay. The sun will come out eventually. That's how it works in Florida. Most of the time, we have sun. Hence the nickname *The Sunshine State*. Plus, I had plenty of sun in California...hehehe

It has been a bit muggy, though. My air conditioner has been running quite a bit the last few days as a result. That's to be expected, though. That's the climate here and I like a little heat and humidity. Most people don't seem to like that. I don't blame them. I think I'm a bit odd with that. I'm also okay when it isn't a little warm and muggy. I'm very flexible when it comes to these things now. I have my preferences. But I can adapt as needed. I recall when my sister stayed with me for a month that I kept the place cooler for her. I simply added a layer of clothing. My electric bill has never been high here...hehehe

I'm officially not on any specific diet! Yay!!! I keep an eye on ingredients, but I'm no longer limiting myself to specific types of foods. As long as it is actually healthy, I'll consider it. For the past few days, I've eaten chicken and bacon. Bacon itself isn't really healthy. But a small cheat from time to time is okay. It was part of a tomato basil BLT sandwich. I've had chicken in some soup, a salad, and a sandwich. My body has accepted it all well and it hasn't caused any bowel distress. I remain regular...hehehe

I still need to get to the store, though. I've been eating from a few local trusted restaurants. I've been resting from my travels. Going to the grocery is an event for me. So I didn't want to dive right in upon my return. It's an even bigger deal this time because I'm out of just about everything. I spent last month getting down to the bear minimum before my trip. I think what I may do is a few small trips over the next few weeks to get just what I need to get back into cooking at home. I really don't need to make going to the grocery an event anymore. My time away with all the resetting I mentioned a few days ago has me rethinking how I think about and do most things now...hehehe

Something I'm thinking about doing is getting one of those personal shopping carts. I don't mind using the ones at the store. But what I like about the personal ones is that the basket detaches from the cart for easy transport. I can fill up the cart with just what I need for that trip and not mess with multiple bags. It will help me keep from overdoing it and making the grocery an event. Plus the basket will help me carry everything from the car to my home. I currently use reusable bags for that. But like I said, when it was an event, I'd have so many to carry...hehehe

I think I'll get back to my personal projects tonight. I've continued journaling since my return *home*. But I didn't get back into my projects last night. I mostly rested while watching the Dodgers game. I also called my parents to check in on them and tell them about my trip. They sounded like they are doing well and they seemed to enjoy my stories...hehehe

For the last few days, I've moved my shaving routine to the morning. I had been doing it just before my nightly shower. I decided I wanted to move it to the morning...for *some* reason. I'm not really sure why...hehehe But I do like it. I've also cut the shave time in half. I found my self pretty much double shaving each time. Now I just do a single pass. It feels about the same at half the time. Just like why I moved the process to the morning, I have no idea why I was doing a double pass while shaving before...LOL Perhaps these 2 differences are another part of my resetting process...hehehe Evolving and growing as a person is good.

Moving forward and making progress are good things. Some days do feel like a one step forward, two steps back progress. But other days feel like twenty steps forward, zero steps back. Whether it be as simple as a shaving routine, or as complex as a diet change, making progress in life feels good. It doesn't really take the big things in life to do this or to feel good about progress. Progress can simply be progress. I'm sure not everyone feels this way. But I'll celebrate both the little and the big things. It all adds up...at least to me...hehehe

I was talking about this very thing with a store clerk the other day. Something unexpected happened that made us both happy. It was something quite simple. But I personally regarded it as something to celebrate. So I acknowledged it and told them that even the littlest of things can add up to making a day great. They seemed a bit down when I first approached the counter. So I used this as an opportunity to encourage them. They were a part of this small *win* and I thanked them for their part in it. That put a smile on their face. I have no idea how long they held onto that smile. But at least for a moment, they seemed happy.

