# TBD

This has been a rough week. I just wanted to get that out of the way. I needed to say that because the rest of this entry is likely going to sound like it wasn't a rough week...hehehe I feel as though I have been passing a series of tests as this week has unfolded. I feel joy in the circumstances I've faced because it feels like proof of what God has been doing in my life this year. I was able to apply some of the things I've learned through prayer and scripture. I would not have chosen to go through this week if given a choice. But I'm grateful for God's refinement of my heart in preparation for it.

Now with that out of the way...hehehe Work has been going really well overall. There were some stressful moments due to the continued transition of employees from the old company to the new one. And there was a production bug discovered yesterday in one of my systems that I accidentally created months ago. Thankfully I've navigated both well. For the bug, I was even able to identify the solution and implement said solution quickly. Crisis averted...LOL

I had a meeting today that was very encouraging. I was offered some new responsibilities that I gladly accepted. I even offered to take on a little more than what was being considered to help alleviate some of the stress my boss has been facing. He was happy to hear I could help out. This works out really well as I had been feeling a little underused of late. With the huge transition going on this year, my work load dropped. All of the top priorities on my plate were super easy to get through in preparation for the transition. Other lesser tasks were put on hold until this phase of the transition was completed this week. Now that it is pretty much complete, I'm ready for the next great thing...hehehe

Today is my paternal grandparents' wedding anniversary. Grandpa has been gone for 5 years now. Grandma is doing well and remains surrounded by family. Although I miss my grandpa, I'm smiling through the tears with joy knowing someday I'll get to see him standing with Jesus as I dance into Heaven. I miss seeing my grandma all the time. But I also look forward to visiting with her when I visit Indiana. When she leaves this world too, I'll be just as sad and joyful about that as I am with my grandpa. When I lose people to death whom I love, I always miss them but I never forget them. My heart is flooded with fond memories and I can't help be feel a great happiness in my heart for the time I was Blessed to have with them.

I have dreamt about California every night this week. Some of it has been directly related to what I actually did on the trip. While other dreams weren't what I did at all but would have loved to have done. I was telling a friend of mine last night how I am beginning to consider possibly living there. She lives just south of where my hotel was. I wasn't able to get with her on this trip. But I think it may work out next time. We'll see. But I never really thought about moving to California before. Even as I was traveling home Monday, I didn't really give any serious thought to it. Yesterday and today, though, I'm reviewing those dreams I had and it has me wondering if that is in my future.

With the exception of my 2 childhood homes, I've never lived someplace more than 4 years. I've lived in 13 different homes over the years. I'm starting to see why I am so unsettled now...LOL It appears as though I have never really settled down...hehehe I would love to find where I belong. But there is also a sense of adventure in this. If I never put down roots, then I'll see more of my little slice of the world, right?..hehehe One benefit to having lived in so many places is that I can see myself moving to that next place. It doesn't really scare me. Moving is a great hassle. But the event doesn't last and there is a sweet relief once it is over.

If I were to move to California next year, I'd commit to at least a year. Giving a place a year allows me to experience it in all seasons. Like I did here in Florida, I would live in an apartment as I learn what the experience is like. But honestly, I don't think I'll ever own a home again. Not even a condo. I've owned 2 homes and regretted it. Renting apartments gives me the flexibility without responsibility. Each year, I get to decide if I'll stay or if I'll move. Also, if anything breaks, I can call someone and it gets fixed. There aren't any surprise and expensive repair bills to worry about. The only caveat that matters to me is that I don't have a yard where I can grow gardens. I would love to have landscaping with a botanical-like garden as well as a place to grow food. So, perhaps I can find a place with a community garden? At the very least, though, a place near a botanical garden or arboretum would be nice.

California seemed like my kind of place. When I felt like being around people, there were plenty of places to go. And I didn't mind the fast pace of that. I didn't like crowds. But that has more to do with feeling trapped with nowhere to escape to. But when I felt like being alone, the hike I took and the arboretum were perfect. The areas I visited had the fast paced and the slowed down relaxing atmosphere. Of course, I could find that anywhere if I looked...hehehe I'm simply saying that it had what I like and it might be worth a try.

No one really knows what I like and don't like. I don't even know...hehehe I've tried so many things over the years. But when I think about when I am most happy or joyful, I tend to think those are the things I love most. The 3 things I loved most about California were my time talking with Chérie face-to-face, the arboretum, and the hike up the mountainside. Of those 3 things, the only 1 I have now here in Florida would be places similar to the arboretum. There are botanical gardens and nature parks all over the place here. But I most don't have friends to talk to face-to-face or mountains to hike...hehehe

In the friend department, I do have friends. I don't want to misrepresent that. As a matter of fact, I'll be hanging out with some friends tomorrow. But the experience won't be anything like the one I had with Chérie. For the 9 hours we were together, she only got out her phone a few times to check in with her parents (I believe) and I only did a few times to make sure we were walking in the right direction in downtown LA or when I had to tap to pay at the trains. My phone was on *do not disturb* the entire time. The friends I'll be with tomorrow typically have their phones out either texting other people or live posting on social media. It's like I have them and a hundred other people they bring along...LOL

I don't mean to sound like I'm complaining. I am grateful for the friends I have. I'm only saying that connection with my friends has been hard work. And I often feel like I'm more of a consolation prize for when they don't have anyone else to talk to in that moment. Part of the aforementioned rough week was because a lost a few friends this week as I mentioned the other day. I'm going through a grieving process. Acknowledging that I don't have the sort of friends here that I try to be for them is probably a coping mechanism. I'm learning to accept the value in my friendships based on their own merit as defined by God and not some great expectations I have for the friendship. The pain I've felt this week is the result of unmet expectations and not some intended pain caused by those friends. This one is on me. It still hurts though...hehehe I'm only talking about this today as it relates to me moving next year. I'm simply stating that I don't have friendships that will keep me here. Everyone is more like an acquaintance than a close friend. Everyone I'm actually close to at the moment I talk to over video chat, voice phone, or texting as they don't live nearby.

Back to where I want to live, though. I'm only dreaming, figuratively and literally, about where I want to be. I'm so grateful for where I live today. I'm going to continue enjoying it. I'm not going to chase after some other place. I'll *window shop* through research between now and the first of the new calendar year. But I'll continue taking photos and exploring *this* area. I took some amazing photos this morning that I'll have saved to look back upon. This is truly a beautiful place to live. I think I mentioned this the other day...but I wasn't sad coming home on Monday. I was full of joy about the wonderful time I had in California. But I also love where I live. Despite all of the things I don't like about being here, I truly do love what God has Blessed me with here. I am so grateful for it all. The *bad* stuff just isn't bad enough to keep me from enjoying it here...hehehe

