# TBD

A few days ago, I wrote about effort. I wanted to clarify something about that before I wrote today's journal entry. I was speaking about the personal choice to apply myself to whatever it was I'm putting effort into. Not to be confused with what it physically takes. The idea came to mind while I was jogging. Over the weekend, I got to thinking about how it may have sounded like I was referring to pushing myself physically to run faster or harder than the day before. I was not. I was referring to the condition of my heart and mind. It was more a matter of spiritual and mental health than it was my physical. I somewhat think my messages about last year and my health journey come across about the physical aspects. Honestly, I'm typically speaking more about the spiritual and mental. The physical is impacted by the other two, and vice versa. It is all a dance of balancing the three. However, in the context of effort as it applied the other day, the effort on my mind each day is how much of myself I put into what I'm doing. Instead of simply going through the motions, I want to apply the core of who I am. That's what makes it all worth the effort for me. I hope that answers more questions than it creates...hehehe

I started to write about this the other day and ended up removing it. I then talked about it with my parents briefly last night. I told them I had a rough week last week. They assumed and then asked if it was work related. I said no and told them work has actually been going well. The rough part was losing friends. I'm not going to drag it out here. I'm just going to express that it was painful and I'm moving forward. God had prepared me before it happened. In fact, it was a great reminder that He doesn't just provide me with food, drink, clothing, and shelter. He also provides guidance, peace, comfort, and love. Jesus is everything!

The confusion about what I consider rough also reminded me about how confused some folks were when I told them last year was the roughest, toughest year of my life. And that was despite the years of trauma I experienced...hehehe People saw me thrive last year as I embarked on a health journey that has shown some amazing results. What I seem to have missed explaining is how that health journey was far more than physical health. The physical health was just a positive consequence of everything else I worked on. Even the physical aspect required a great deal of mental power to overcome the physical challenges. And I couldn't have done either without working on my spiritual health as well. None of it was just about getting up each day and putting in effort toward bettering myself. It required me to face *everything*. I had to face my sin. I had to face my past. I had to face the damage I had done to my body. And I faced it all because I was done feeling *bad* all the time. I felt bad mentally, spiritually, and physically. I started with small, sustainable changes. Those small changes became habits. And the habits became changes in my lifestyle. But the big picture here is that I faced all of that all at once. That was incredibly difficult to do. Reliving past trauma, making drastic diet and physical activity changes, and rewiring the way I think took its toll on me. But it was all worth it.

At the end of 2023, I figuratively spoke to my *start of 2023 self* thanking *him* for beginning that journey. At the beginning of 2023, I told myself that someday I would thank myself...hehehe I'm glad I followed through with it all...because *2024 Greg* is doing really well with the circumstances *he* is facing...hehehe All of that required me to give myself over fully to God. That was not easy. But it does get a little easier each day. Like I had said the other day, putting in a little more effort today than I did yesterday will make it easier to put in that effort tomorrow. 18 months later and I can say with full confidence that it is working...I'm growing. I'm most ambitious about my personal growth. Learning from my circumstances is one of the most important aspects of my journey. Over the weekend I was thinking about legacy...mine in particular. I've decided I do not want to be remembered by name in any way. I don't want to be remembered by accomplishments of any kind. My name and what I do aren't important. The legacy I want to leave is growth. I want to grow personally and inspire others to do the same. That's it. Grow with me, will you?

Two messages I received today reassured me that I'm track with that very goal on my legacy. One friend said, *You are a blessing...Your love for life is infectious.* While another said, *Hubby and I are making a lot of changes [too] and definitely feeling better! [You're] always an inspiration so thank you!!* These messages are quite the opposite of those I use to listen to from my abusers. What began last year as me trying to change *who I was* as that *awful person* I was told I was, became a realization this year that I was never what I had been told before. The messages I hear today sound more like who God created me to be. I was never actually that worthless garbage in the narrative I had been told. Last year, God picked me up out of the landfill I had been tossed into, dusted me off, and redeemed who I am. And this year, He has shown me who that is. I am loved, I am wanted, and I am chosen. I am His. And He wants me to share my story to help inspire others.

*Monday* night through Friday night, I dreamt of California. I wasn't sleeping well (not because of the dreams) and I think my dreams were affected by that. I find that my dreams typically have meaning. It could be to help deal with stress or it could possibly be God trying to tell me something. I don't always really know. What I do know, is that lately it has been drawing me into prayer. I don't try to make sense of any of it anymore. I just pray to ask for guidance on what His Will is. Well on Saturday, I did not dream of California. I actually had a nightmare about something. When I woke up, I immediately went back in time (in my mind) to the moment when my anxiety with crowds began. The dream/nightmare revealed to me what I believe might be the root cause of that *sometimes crippling* anxiety. As I mentioned above, what I began doing last year was facing *everything* in my life, including the reliving of past trauma. So, yesterday morning, I had a *lightbulb* moment about why crowds are so hard on me. I believe it was February 1998 when I had an *unpleasant* experience that took place in a crowd. Prior to that, I had zero anxiety about crowds. The repressed memory is now at the forefront of my mind. I'm being vague about it because I know how it has impacted my life now that I remember it. But I'm not ready to discuss details. I don't want to trigger anyone. But I'm ready to write about how I now have hope in resolving the trauma that took place. Just like I'm resolving my travel anxieties, I think I can resolve this one as well. It is so freeing to go from *living in the past* to *letting go of the past*. Perhaps the next time I'm faced with a crowd, I'll have just as much peace as I did while traveling to California at the beginning of the month! Wow! That would be amazing!

