# TBD

I'm going to try my best to put into words how I feel about happiness. I'm not sure my words will adequately describe what I want to say. That's okay. This year has taught me a great deal about love (both romantic and general) and happiness. Since these are recent thoughts, perhaps sometime in the future I'll find a better way to describe this feeling. In the meantime, I'll give it my best shot...hehehe

I recently discovered how I can best choose happiness most days. I've long believed that happiness and contentment are choices. I can have everything I could possible ever want and still be unhappy. I can have absolutely nothing at all and yet remain in a happy frame of mind. So my contentment and happiness really have nothing to do with my circumstances. It all comes down to the condition of my heart.

My thoughts take me way past an attitude of gratitude here. And it goes deeper than simply making the choice to be happy. The *happiness is a choice* saying is just that...a saying. And an *attitude of gratitude* is just a fun way to rhyme about the choices I make to be happy. What actions can I take to put in the effort needed to be happy and content? How do I choose to be happy every day?

Such things as *comparison is the thief of joy* and *pain often comes from unmet expectations* led me to begin stripping away a lot of what I've always believed about the pursuit of happiness. No one ever told me that going after *stuff* was what makes someone happy. It was more of an observation by which I saw most people around me chasing after their happiness. The *stuff* wasn't necessarily possessions or material. It could also be such things as finding *true love* or having children. Whatever it might have been, I saw others attaching their happiness to outwardly things and I simply thought that was how I was suppose to find happiness myself.

As I've mentioned a few times...okay, maybe a lot...I've been working on slowing my life down quite a bit and allowing the world to pass me by. I no longer want to be *keeping up with the Jones's* or living the *YOLO* lifestyle of trying to do as much as possible in what little time I have in this life. None of that was making me happy and I found it difficult to choose happiness in the pursuit of it.

Along this recent season of my journey, I started becoming very grateful for all that God has provided me. When I began to take the time to examine all of the Blessings in my life, I quickly realized that every single one of my needs were being met. And quite a few of my wants were as well. Taking my focus off of what I did not have, and instead focusing on what it was I actually did have, changed my perspective.

When I focus on God's provisions and apply a bit of simplicity to my perspective as I slow my life down a bit, I come to realize finding my happiness is actually pretty easy. Just like everyone, what I need is what I need...hehehe I need food, shelter, sleep, and so on. Needs aren't actually a super long list. But they are the essentials regardless of my circumstances.

To find some happiness within my needs, I don't have to look very far. Take food for example. I need food in order to sustain energy to go about my day. Even at rest, the body is using up energy and I replenish that by consuming food. Although money is a factor in this, I do have a great amount of flexibility in the food I choose to eat. So, I choose the foods that make me happy. I mostly eat wholesome foods these days. But I also *cheat* from time to time and eat something that takes me back to my childhood. No matter what I eat now, I have decided to only choose things that I think will make me happy. If something doesn't work out, I simply mark it off as something to not get again or try sometime in the future when my tastes change.

As for shelter, again, money plays a role. But in general, I get to choose where I live. I'm currently living the apartment lifestyle. These affords me the opportunity to make an annual choice. I can either stay put or I can move on. As it is with food, I've decide to embrace this need and choose homes that make me happy. I'm not quite planted yet. So I am looking into moving next year. However, I'm not unhappy where I live today. I had the opportunity to choose my current home. Some of the reasons I chose it are now irrelevant. But I still choose to be happy with my apartment.