# July 2024

I kinda wish I had done this the first 6 months of the year...hehehe But today I'm thinking about this past month and I hope to recap it all here in this entry. I'm having a really great year. Not because circumstances are good. Some of my circumstances have actually gotten worse...hehehe But my heart, mind, and soul are all in a state that allows me to find the happiness, joy, and positivity to get through it all. And that's because of Jesus. This month especially, has been a month to remember. July 2024 is a time of my life that I hope to always bring to remembrance in all of the good and bad times going forward.

## Employment

The month was ushered in with a major life change event. At the beginning of the year, my company announced it was going to be outsourcing a large portion of the work we do and selling off another large portion of the company. All of this was to drive shareholder profits...LOL But as part of the outsourcing piece, they were working with the contractor to bring most of us over to that company. I was also given a few opportunities to make a shift; which included a great opportunity with Disney. After praying for discernment, I decided I would ride out the climate with my company and the new contractor. I eventually received the news that I was going to be moving over to the new company and that transition occurred on July 1st.

I had peace about all of that as it was unfolding. There were a lot of unknowns and some uncertainty. However, I know God is my provider and I had no doubts that no matter what happened or what I decided, He had already gone before me and knew what I needed. Trusting in Him was all I needed to find peace. I'm confident in my decision to ride it out and the outcome has been quite good. There were a few great surprises that came along with this as well. From a human perspective, it can be a bit scary to transition from one employer to another. The unknowns surrounding such a move can be overwhelming at times. This all drew me closer to Jesus as I waited on Him to guide me as I navigated the circumstances. Now, I'm 4 and half weeks into this and all seems to be balancing out really well.

## California

I had originally started planning a trip to California for my birthday in March. But when the big news from my company happened, I canceled all of my major plans for the year. This included my hope to go to Disneyland for my birthday...hehehe Just before I got the news that I'd be moving to the new company, I decided I just really needed to go to California. So I requested the time off and started booking everything. No sooner than I pulled the trigger on the plans is when I got the news...LOL I decided to stick with my travel plans despite the fact that the employment transition was going to happen the same week. My travel plans took me to California from July 3rd through July 8th.

The timing ended up working quite well for me. I already had the July 4th holiday off from work. With the new company, I hadn't actually earned the time off. But since I had already gotten it approved through my old company, my boss gave me the time off for *free*. So, basically, I ended up with 3 extra days off without needing to track it has time off. Plus, since the old company no longer registered those days as time off for me, they paid out the PTO as cash as part of the termination process. That was a fun little surprise on payday...LOL

I journaled about my trip on July [3rd](./03_california), [4th](./04_i-climbed-a-mountain-today), [5th](./05_i-saw-the-pacific-ocean), [6th](./06_i-got-to-hug-cherie), [7th](./07_i-experienced-god), and [8th](./08_resetting). But I'll give a quick summary of a few highlights in order.

I climbed a mountain side. Even the morning of that hike, I had no idea I'd be doing that...hehehe It was just 18 months prior that I had difficult walking on flat surfaces. I would easily get winded walking more than a few hundred feet. My health, all around, was horrible. I was inspired to do something about it all and now I am doing really well. On July 4th, I ended up climbing a mountainside. I'm so grateful I am able to do such a thing now.

