# TBD

## 07:25am

I've been working through this new sleep schedule. I'm learning its value. Especially today. I woke around 6am and was up and about by 6:30am. I've already read through this week's Bible study lesson. And I'm about to make my coffee and toast. I love starting my morning off this way. This is basically what it is like for me on the weekends, since I don't work those days. But being able to have this on a week day, before work, is a welcome change back to the way things were before I shifted my schedule last June.

I enjoyed that schedule for what it was to me. It began as a means to prepare for my first trip to California. I then embraced my natural night owl rhythm. But at the beginning of this year, I began to sense that it might be time to change back to a more normal schedule. That made me sad for a time. But mornings like this encourage me. This isn't the first morning like this for me, actually. I had a few of these last week as well. It was a bit rough when I first started to change to this schedule. But it is balancing out well now.

## 11:10am

As far as work Mondays go, today has been one of the least *Monday* Mondays I've had in a while...LOL Meaning, it is going quite well. Which I feel is a little odd considering that in less than two weeks we will be arriving at the *Big Bang* weekend we've been preparing for since last February (2024)...LOL I sometimes feel things like this are the *calm before the storm*. But I don't think it's that this time. I really think that all of the prep my team has been doing is helping ease the pressures typically associated with such events in my work world.

Something else that is making an impact on how I feel today is all that has been going on in my heart over the last year...hehehe And that all actually began in the July-September events of 2021. Life for me sure is different now. And I see things differently.

This leads me into another thought I keep thinking about, and I think I've mentioned a few times recently here. I am so glad I am journaling now. I continue to keep on top of reading what I wrote a year ago. I love being able to see the journey. It's pretty clear to me that I'm no longer anchored to my past. Looking back at the past is now more of a way to remind me that I'm no longer stuck there. Now, I'm more like, *yeah, God got me through that! Praise Jesus!* And for the more inspiring things I write, it's like, *yeah, I still carry that with me today! Praise Jesus!*

I made a personal post on Instagram today. I don't do that very often. But today felt like a good time to do that. It was the monorail photo I took on Dapper Day last weekend. I talked about what the photo represented. I misspoke a little and said *all* of my photos have a story behind them. Yes, they all have some sort of story. But they aren't all as deep as the one I shared on the post. But it's okay I used the *wrong* word. I probably should have said something like *most*. I'm still learning to communicate and I'll use this as an opportunity to learn more about how I choose my words...hehehe

It's almost lunchtime and I'll need to go out for lunch today. My journey didn't take me to the grocery this weekend. That happens sometimes. I am hoping to go this evening after dinner. I'll have to go out for dinner too. I don't like to go to the grocery while hungry. I end up getting things I don't need or really want because my hungry brain is in control instead of the reasonable brain I normally take with me to the grocery...HAHAHA

