# Happy True Friendship Day

Well, *Big Bang* was a success. I'm personally excited about this milestone. These last 4 days have been a little rough in general. But I'd say it has also been very good. Saturday was the official day. It all began on Friday, though. And we have been doing triage of the *fallout* since.

I'd say I have been very fortunate throughout this whole event. I haven't had any time to sit and write. And my sleep schedule has been...off. But that is the *worst* of it for me. Which means, I haven't had any issues...LOL There has been a little stress these last few days. Nothing I can't handle, though.

There have been some issues that will have an impact in the days to come. Nothing that really effects my work. But it will be felt throughout the company and with some of the customers. It's with systems that needed to be changed over for files and whatnot to be transferred through our new systems. Some of those files didn't get routed correctly yet. They will soon, though. The caveat is that it will generate a backlog of work that will likely flow into next week. So, I feel for those who have to deal with that. Especially with a holiday weekend coming up.

One of my *jobs* so far this week has been monitoring the main triage channel looking for tasks that my team are responsible for. That makes for a long day. Especially yesterday, since it was the first day with a company wide impact. It was a 12 hour day for me. Today was only a 10 hour day...LOL Saturday was also a long one at about 16 and half hours. I didn't work Sunday. But Sunday was still a little busy with personal things I needed to do that I couldn't do on Saturday...hehehe I even had to cut my weekly fellowship video chat with Cherie a little early so I could get some rest before yesterday's long day.

I'm glad these sort of events are rare. I've had this before in my career. But it isn't often enough to be a problem. And I am well compensated for what I do. As I state before, the *worst* part has been not being able to write and my change in sleep schedule. I've had to get to bed early and wake early for the last 5 days...hehehe

I kind of find it funny that my sleep schedule is something that feels like a *problem*. I say that lightly, of course. A year ago, I had a similar schedule. But I changed in in June. I'm by nature a night owl. So my change in June last year fit well with me. I think that's why I don't like what I've had to do since last week. I sort of prepared for it over the last month and half, though. I started moving my sleep time in April, I think was. But after this week, I think I'll be ready to go back to late nights and late mornings...LOL

We'll see, though. I really don't know. One of the benefits of early mornings is a shift in when I do my Bible study time. I always start my day with prayer. But I've also been able to do some Bible study or readings before work lately too. I've enjoyed that. And this morning, I was able to get in a lap around the pond before the sun peeked over the mall across the street. There was plenty of light to be out walking. But I was able to enjoy the colors in the sky just before you see the sun bleach them out...hehehe I'd miss the morning walks if I went back to the late night with late mornings. And I'd want to move my work schedule around too. I'm still uncertain about all this...can you tell?!? HAHAHA

Last week, we took a little break from the Bible study we've been doing. This week, we didn't pick that back up. Instead, we are doing some prayer walking and journaling. That idea was inspired by the break we took last week. I suppose that's another reason I can say I do like getting a walk in so early. My preferred sleep schedule wouldn't allow me to do a morning prayer walk unless I move my work schedule too...hehehe So, that's working out well this week.

I'm enjoying this prayer journaling time too. It's unstructured. I may work something like this in with my other Bible and prayer time after this week. I typically have time for something like this in general. This week is the exception because of work. I have time this week for either Bible study or prayer journaling and walking. Not both...LOL But starting next week, I'd have time for both again. Not that I'm trying to fill up my schedule, though. Just a thought at this point. I don't want to be overwhelmed. I'm just thinking about something like this when I feel inspired.

With my routine all off again, I'm learning how unimportant routine seems to be. I love routine. But I'm also doing really well not having one right now. I've been so calm and at peace through this whole thing. So much of what I've learned this past year or so through the Bible studies has come to mind as I've been navigating things lately.

I'd be remiss if I didn't end today's entry without mentioned the importance of this day. I tend to be one who remembers important dates. And today is significant. Today is *True Friendship Day* with my deer friend, Cherie. We were *Twitter* friends before this date 2 years ago. Actually, we were friends just over a year before. But 2 years ago today our friendship went offline. It still took us just over a year after that to meet in person for the first time.

But today is still marked as the day she first reached out to me over text. I had been going through something in my personal life and some of my online posts reflected something was up. She reached out to me as a true friend to offer some comforting words and encouragement. The months that followed laid the foundation of what would become of this friendship. And now we are in a fellowship together too. I'm grateful for God placing our paths to intersect when they did. Neither of us expected God to Bless us in this way. But what a Blessing it has been.

Happy True Friendship Day, my deer Cherie! May God Bless you and keep you. May His eyes always be on you. Thank you for being on this part of the journey with me.

Warm (cool 🤭) hugs 🤗❤️