# TBD

It's been a bit since I last sat down to write in this journal. Everything has been going quite well. But I haven't made the time to stop and write about anything...hehehe That's okay. I've been *good* busy.

*Big Bang* week was pretty successful. There were some issues throughout the week. Nothing directly related to me and the work I've been doing. But that means I was there to help others get through the week. I enjoyed that. I was able to meet all sorts of new people. There were times when I felt like a project manager instead of a software engineer. I definitely loved doing all that I did throughout the week. It makes me wonder if I'd like to venture down the project manager track instead of completely leaving the industry. It's something to consider as I continue to question my career's future...hehehe

I loved keeping an eye on the triage channel for reports of issues related to my team. As those came trickling in, I'd gather information and get it to the right people. I kept a list throughout and would stay on top of progress and communicating with the people. My boss really appreciated my eagle eye on the triage channel. It meant that everything was efficiently and effectively managed. This helps everyone get back to doing what they do best without worrying about when things will get fixed.

Today is the first work day of the week. It was nice having a 3 day weekend. This is also the first post-Big Bang business day. 
Work went well. The fallout from last week isn't so bad. And the attitude of everyone seems to remain calm. My heart is really happy for everyone. I definitely feel like the transition went well and is coming to a close. We'll be getting back to *business as usual* very soon. Perhaps when I get back from my trip, it will all feel *normal* once again.

Tomorrow I'll be working an abbreviated day. After that, I'll be off to Indiana for Malachi's birthday and graduation. So, I'm not really stressing the thought of work this week...LOL I'm looking forward to seeing Malachi. I've missed him. I was so happy to get to have talked to him on Friday and today. God Blessed us with a few phone calls <3

I'm really glad for my trip this week. It's going to be a short one. But it will be quality time even though it isn't a lot of quantity. I do like long visits up there for the most part. But I am learning why these short trips are best. I was bummed that I shortened this trip. But today I found out that it actually worked out well.

I'm so happy to be sticking with this journal. I remember when I started this at the beginning of 2024. I had wished I had journaled throughout 2023. A lot happened that year that I would love to look back upon. In 2024, I started writing and I've enjoyed looking back to things a year ago as this year has progressed. And I'll get to do it again next year by look back at this year along with last year.

I've started the process of turning my 2024 journal entries into a book. I've already written the introduction and first chapter. I started the intro a few weeks ago and refined it more this past weekend. I did the first chapter this past weekend as well. I love how it is starting off. I hope to see this book through to completion. Lord willing, it will all work out :) I didn't get a chance to work on the book today. I'll have an opportunity to work on it a bit later this week. Today just didn't lend me the opportunity...hehehe

