# TBD

## Morning

Today is Malachi's big day...hehehe Today, he turns 20. I still vividly remember the moment I first saw him. I was present in the delivery room as I coached his mother through labor. And I was blessed to give him his first diaper. His poor mother was exhausted from a very long day of labor. And I imagine his poor little body was in shock at the day he had too...hehehe I was tired. But I didn't go through any of what those two went through that day. I did what I could to help them both get through their experience. I feel blessed to be a witness.

Life can be very complicated. But that first breath isn't so complicated. It's a deep breath, followed by the first cry...hehehe It's like, *what did I just go through?!?* All that happens after the first breath is a series of moments that make up what we call life. The complexities come as we go through all of the other experiences that follow that first breath. He has now had 20 years of experiences. Some have been amazing. Some have been a struggle. I'm so glad to be his father. I'm equally glad to see life through his eyes as he shares his hopes, struggles, and overall thoughts.

I flew up from Florida to Indiana last evening. The flight was okay. I don't like the planes of the airline I went with for this trip...LOL But it was a *safe* flight. I emphasis safe only because such an experience is completely out of my hands. I'm a passenger along with nearly 200 other people...hehehe We are at the mercy of the airline, it's equipment, and it's crew. The crew was great. The planes are a bit rough around the edges. But you get what you pay for on a discount airline. It's definitely safe enough for such a trip. My concerns are only about how uncomfortable it is...hehehe Long gone are the days of leg room, proper padding in the seat, and fancy meals...LOL I say that like I've been on a flight with a meal...LOL No, I have not. But I missed the romance of that and wish I had experienced it...hehehe Perhaps they have them on an international flight? I'll find out if I ever have one.

I believe this is the first time I've read on a plane. I read 2 chapters of 2 separate books. The first was a non-fiction book. I was surprised to get through 2 chapters of that book. They are lengthy chapters. But after that, I decided to hop over to a fiction book for entertainment. Those 2 chapters were shorter but very engaging. All in all, this made for a very quick flight experience. I used to watch movies or TV on flights. Those flights seemed to drag on...LOL And all of my flights last year, and the few previous ones this year, I prayed the entire time. Those didn't feel very long either because I was talking with God in spirit.

I haven't talked much about my Kindles yet. I'll get to it. It's on my backlog of topics to dig into...hehehe But for today, I'd love to just say that I'm so grateful those devices are in my routine now. The Kindle I read from is so much easier on my eyes than the phone app. I stopped reading from the app on my phone awhile ago because of the eye strain. And on the computer, I only use the app for Bible study books. Now that I have a Kindle eReader, I'm reading quite a bit more. It's mostly been daily lately. A life changing addition to my routine, I'd say. I'm saving my in depth thoughts for later because I feel like I have a lot to say. But I'm not ready to dedicate time to writing it all down just yet...hehehe

Although this particular digital device has been helpful, not all digital-age advancements have been so good for me...hehehe I posted something the other day on Threads about how I miss the dedicated headphone jack for wired headphones. The Bluetooth options have been very buggy for me. As has the wired headphones that use the Lightning port on my phone. Stand alone music players seem like the best option for me right now. I wish I hadn't lost track of my old iPod Touch. I miss it. I pretty much stopped listening to music regularly a few years ago because of my woes with Bluetooth. I still listen over my speakers at home and in the car. But it isn't often anymore. I used to listen through headphones *back in the day*. I *window shopped* for a refurbished iPod. They're expensive...LOL I have a feeling I'm just going to need to adapt so I can get back to listening...LOL

Technical issues no longer frustrate me like they used to. I still have my moments. But overall, I feel like I'm learning to accept that technology isn't going to be perfect and that how things *used to be* can no longer *be*. I'm not so set in *my ways* that I'm incapable of change or adaptation. I'm learning that sometimes things aren't going to work the way I think or hope they should. And I'm learning to be okay with that and not allow it to disrupt my inner peace. I've grown in these last few years when it comes to things like this. What once used to bother me *yesterday* is nothing more than a minor inconvenience *today*. If it isn't working *now*, I can move on to something else and hope that it will work *later* or that I'll figure out some new way to get what I want out of these technological *advancements*...hehehe

Something that has been working really well for me lately is separating all of these things into dedicated devices; which is actually what got me thinking about my headphone woes. Having everything on one device, namely the phone, seemed like a very convenient thing as that began to happen. Now, I feel like that was a mistake. For me, at least. So, I've begun separating everything into it's own device. I now have my MacBook for projects that need a full computer. I use my phone for communication and very basic and quick research. My dedicated research is through my MacBook now. I use a Kindle Colorsoft for reading. I have a Kindle Scribe for writing handwritten notes and journals. I listen to music on my TV. I also watch TV with my TV...hehehe And my iPad is now just for my artwork. Sure, with more devices, it means I have more things that could possible break or go wrong. But I'm finding the experiences to actually be calmer. And so far, everything *just works*. I'm far less distracted and more focused on the task at hand. As this evolves for me, I imagine I'll find a good balance this way. I'm open to these changes for now...hehehe

Well, I still have a little bit left in my morning. But I'll soon be on my way to see Malachi. I love him so much.

## Afternoon



## Evening

