# TBD

## 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting

Good morning! A morning like no other! At the end of the day, this year will be 3 weeks old. Isn't a cute little baby?!? Of course not...LOL Things aren't going very smoothly this year for most of the world. I suppose that's been the case for a while now. I've noticed it for 5 years. How long has the world been like this? Likely since *the garden*...

<!--@include: ../../../bible/prayer/journal/2025/01/21_21-days.md{3,}-->

## My Day

My day had a pleasant start. I slept in again...LOL I knew I wouldn't be walking today. So I decided to give myself some extra sleep. I'm starting to wonder if I just need to go to bed a little earlier. I've gradually moved my sleep time this month. Perhaps I just need to settle in on being in bed by 11pm and asleep by 11:30? I'd gotten it back to being in bed by 11:30pm and asleep by midnight. This, after 7 months of basically being on mountain or pacific time...LOL

Once again, I did some things in a slightly different order today. And I logged into work to find that a meeting was scheduled for 8:30am. But all is working out lovely for the morning <3

For the prayer section above, the actually prayer focus and the prayer itself are in a separate file from this blog entry. It is being imported when the site is compiled. This is one of the reasons I wanted to merge everything into a single site. Now I can include such things in multiple places. For example, it is included above. But it can also be in a prayer journal section of the website once I get the Bible stuff going. All without making a copy of the same content. One file that can be included in multiple pages as I see fit. Pretty neat!

I was a little productive in the morning. But I also had several meetings. One of the meetings popped up suddenly, as I mentioned earlier. One was moved to today from yesterday with it being a holiday yesterday. And the others are the usual Tuesday meetings. My afternoon was clear, though...hehehe



## Photo of the Day



## Wrapping Up

