# TBD

## 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting

As I mentioned yesterday, I had read today's devotional yesterday by mistake. I made sure to bookmark tomorrow's correctly...LOL I truly connect with today's prayer focus. And it sparked a reminder about one of my personal philosophies...hehehe

<!--@include: ../../../bible/prayer/journal/2025/01/23_21-days.md{3,}-->

## My Day

Today started off quite a bit better than yesterday. I remembered to read the correct devotional, for one...LOL I didn't intentionally sleep in today, either. I didn't immediate get up when my white noise turned off. But I did wake feeling well rested. And I read today's chapter in the book of John; which was chapter 19. The days I slept in, I didn't read it until later in the day due to limited time before starting work...hehehe

How I start my day really does impact the rest of the day. Likewise, how I end my day impacts the next day. I've known this for a while now. But I don't always put that into practice. For one reason or another, I have those days when I don't pay enough attention to that. The last few days feel as though I missed it...LOL I'm back on track last night and today, though...hehehe

Yesterday, I did my first *Vitamin G* for the year. It was a soliloquy. I ended yesterday's blog entry with it...hehehe I reworded it slightly for the blog. But on my socials, I wrote it as if I were talking to myself. In the blog entry, it was as if talking to a friend about myself...if that makes sense?

I tend to write in this blog as if I'm writing to a friend. It is mostly to my future self. But it could also be viewed as if I were talking to anyone else who reads this. I think that's why my writing as evolved over the last year. I've been reading my past entries each day now. Some of *how* I wrote was cumbersome, and confusing at times. I'm trying to write more conversationally now. Does it *sound* better? HAHAHA jk

My work computer is updating. So I thought I'd pop in and do a quick update. Today is going well so far. User acceptance testing as begun on the apps I support now. A few issues have come up. Most of them I've already fixed. I'm dealing with some today that I'm unfamiliar with that will take a little more time. Nothing to stress over, though.

Pastor Jason from theChapel called and left a message. I returned his call. But it went to a general voicemail box. I don't know what he wants to talk about. He didn't leave details in his message to me. Just that he wanted to talk. He's the pastor *in charge* at the satellite location here in Port Richey. I'm guessing he just wants to talk about that location...hehehe Hopefully we can connect. I'd love to chat with him.

I just read last year's blog entry for this date. I was waiting for this one as I remembered it well. In it, I describe how I was physically, mentally, and spiritually exhausted that week. It was the final week of the prayer and fasting season. I wondered if I'd experience the same this year. In a way, I have. The weather caused me to stop my physical activity outside. That forced me to rest my body. Yesterday, I experienced inexplicable anxiety. Albeit, it wasn't all that bad. I got a little disoriented with my prayer focusing yesterday and a little today. And I'm struggling with this week's Bible study from *The Chosen*.

There's a lesson in here...LOL I need to work in breaks on the weekends between weeks in this season. There may be more to it than that. But that seems to be a good idea...hehehe

I'm looking at going to Disney on Tuesday. It's one of those *go to go* days in the reservation system. So, it sounds like it will be a low crowd day, perhaps. The weather should be pleasant. I have a green dapper outfit to wear. My parents gave me a new green fedora and bowtie for Christmas. So, I'll wear those along with the same green pants I wore on Christmas. They match perfectly with the band on the hat and the bowtie. I have a vest coming that hopefully matches the hat's main color. The vest is like th gray one. Except the outer layer is green. I'll wear a white shirt and my white shoes.

I'm torn between doing the festival food or doing a dining reservation at a table service restaurant. I imagine I'll go back again in February. So I don't feel pressure to enjoy the festival food. Dressing up makes me want to sit and relax while enjoying a pleasant meal. With the festivals, you pretty much stand while eating...LOL It isn't very elegant...LOL When in street clothes, I don't mind eating in the *streets*...HAHAHA

I love dressing up for the parks so much. I'm so glad I started doing that last April for my first Dapper Day. It didn't really settle in until the fall, though. After that first Dapper Day, the weather warmed up...hehehe But then came the fall and dressing up became very comfortable.

For the warmer weather, I'm going to try a retro look. My parents also gave me a 50's retro *bowling*/*Cuban* shirt for Christmas. I just ordered 5 more...LOL They'll look good in shorts or pants. And some of my hats will match them, I think. I do need to find some warmer weather hats, though. A lot of my nice ones can't be worn when I'm hot. And I don't like wearing ball caps with these sorts of clothes. I only have a few ball caps now and usually only wear them when I'm casual.

Exploring fashion has been fun! I've never really paid attention to this in the past. I attempted to do this just over 3 years ago when I restarted my life again. But I didn't like how I looked. I was obese and didn't like that way clothes fit. Now that I'm my size is down to a healthy state, I really like how it all feels and looks. And I enjoy the hunt that brings an outfit together.

## Photo of the Day

<!--@include: ../../../photos/photo-a-day/2025/01/23.md{3,}-->

## Wrapping Up

