# TBD

## 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting

Once again, I cross another finish line. I think I need more seasons like this. Not necessarily prayer and fasting seasons. But intentional seasons. Something that has a beginning and an end that has some thought put into it. I could have special decorations for these seasons. I could have special meals. I don't really know what all yet. But, as I think back on the last 21 days, it makes me so happy to have measurable experiences that have made an impact on my life.

With the upcoming Valentines Day holiday, perhaps I could have a season of celebrating love. Both God's Love and my love for others. I have a week left in January. I could spend the next week thinking about how I could celebrate love this year. For today, though, I'm ready to cross this season's finish line...hehehe

<!--@include: ../../../bible/prayer/journal/2025/01/25_21-days.md{3,}-->

It has been good to specifically journal about these prayers in this season. This has been a sort of blueprint for one aspect of Jesus' prayers by one author of one devotional...hehehe I hope to explore His prayers more this year.

I noticed from my journal last year, I didn't specifically write about my prayer focuses. I just journaled in general and I could see how last year's season made an impact over the 21 days. This year, I get to see both the focuses and the impact...hehehe

Of course, I haven't written about the specifics of what I have been praying and fasting over. I've only written about the extra focus. I have specific things I pray over outside of this devotional. The devotional was just a guide to learn something new about praying in general...hehehe

That's why I get spiritual fatigue in these seasons. It isn't just what I write about. There is so much more to it. For the things I don't say here, I can with confidence tell you that I have grown once again. God is guiding me through all of the other things I've been praying about. And my heart continues to transform.

I encourage anyone who has a relationship with God to practice prayer and fasting seasons. It doesn't have to always be just at the beginning of the year. In fact, last year, I had several of these seasons. This one that starts off the year is just sort of a beacon that I like to do specifically. But there are so many other reasons to dedicate focus to praying and fasting. Especially with big decisions or changes that happen in life.

I know these seasons have changed my life. I'm different now. I'll remain different. God is good <3

## My Day

I went to bed later last night. I'm glad I did. I had forgotten how much more I like those late nights and late mornings...LOL Which is a little funny because a year ago, I was doing the opposite. In my journal from last year, I was wrote about how I was trying to get to bed early and wake up early everyday. It wasn't until June when I started to adjust to a later sleep schedule. I did that for my, then, upcoming trip to California. I was preparing myself to avoid jet lag. And it worked! What I didn't expect was how much more I'd like that later schedule. Well, last night, I ended up doing that even though I hadn't planned to.

Maybe my mind and heart really do want to be on that later schedule after all...hehehe I've been trying to gradually work my way back to a more *common* schedule for my timezone. It hasn't worked so well...LOL That's okay. I am starting to believe I should listen to my body, soul, and mind when it comes to such things. Everything else should work around that, right?!? jk It isn't out of selfishness. It's out of a desire to be at my best so that everything I impact gets the best of me...hehehe

Well, I've broken my fast. For the first time since New Year's Eve, I had a cup full of that black bitter nectar...hehehe That's how my fictional character, George, describes it. Yep, I had coffee this morning...HAHAHA It feels *weird*, honestly. I missed it so much. I loved opening a new bag of my Joffrey's Sumatra origin beans and smelling the aroma. Brewing it is art to me. It's therapeutic and calming. I love the taste. My first sip was during breakfast communion. I avoided trying to *taste* it in that moment because that is when I acknowledge what Jesus did for us. But that second sip after my prayer...ooh boy! It was so good...hehehe As for the caffeine...well, that has been a jolt...HAHAHA I haven't had any caffeine since that night before the new year began...LOL 24 straight days without any caffeine whatsoever? Yeah, it feels weird today...hehehe

I had my coffee in my *grateful* mug. My parents gave me that mug this past Christmas. I think they found it at Cracker Barrel...hehehe I love that little general store they have in the entrance of the restaurant. It still looks the same as it did back in the 80s when I first stepped foot into one. The items they carry have changed over the years. But some of it is still the same.

They sell vinyl records. I think I'd like to get a player this year and start a vinyl collection. I've been thinking about that for a few years now. I should finally do that this year. I love the analog crackle of the needle following along in the grooves of the vinyl. It takes me back. I grew up with vinyl. My dad had his professional grade player and we kids had one of those kid players with the lights on the front that changed as the music played.

I enjoy my Apple Music streaming service. I get to listen to all kinds of music. But those digital sounds aren't quite the same as that analog. Each time I play a record, it's a slightly different sound. The grooves and needle change over time. Digital is the exact same every time. The only thing that changes over time is me, in that case. But with vinyl, the music changes with me. It grows as I grow. No one else can hear the exact same sounds I hear each time I play that record. It's a beautiful thought <3

I'm enjoying some time at Zen today. I haven't been here since November 2nd last year. In the slightly more than 2 and half months since I've been here, very little has changed...LOL I sure did miss it. I think they missed me too...hehehe Everyone I know here that is here today seems excited to see me <3 I am equally excited to see them <3

I'm working on this site while here today. I'm adding the Bible section at the moment. Now that my 21 days of prayer and fasting are officially over, I'm working on to present that in the Bible section. It will actually be 24 prayer journal entries because of the break and reflection/recap days. The season is over, but there will still be some reflection over the next few days.

Since this new site replaced my original *ByGregMarine.com* site, my old attempt at my *Vitamin G* book is no longer online. I plan to get it back up on this site somewhere. I'll keep the original content of those chapters I previous wrote. But that book has evolved to something entirely new now. I just want to keep the original alive since it still has value.

The new *version* of that original work is more like this *So, I was thinking...* blog. In fact, a lot of it's content is coming from last year's blog entries. I'll be sprinkling in my *Vitamin G* between chapters. I'll likely title it *So, I was thinking...* LOL It might become a series with subsequent books being title such things as *So, I was thinking...again...*, *So, I keep thinking...*, and *So, I was still thinking...* HAHAHA

I'm also working on some works of fiction. I have stories to tell based on my life. But I want to tell them in a more creative way than how things really happened...LOL Plus, it allows me to explore parts of myself that wouldn't otherwise be expressed. I mentioned my fictitious character, George, above. He's the storyteller part of my soul. He's uneducated in the traditional sense. But has so much to share about life in a small, yet to be named, Missouri town.

My non-fiction works will get published on this site as I write. They evolve and change over time and I'll mention those updates here on my blog as I do that. But the fictional, creative, works will get published in the traditional sense. I don't do any of this for a living. I just love to write.

## Photo of the Day

<!--@include: ../../../photos/photo-a-day/2025/01/25.md{3,}-->

## Wrapping Up

