# TBD

## 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting

Today is the first of 3 reflection days to conclude this years prayer and fasting season. This has been a blessing once again. I had my doubts going into the new year as to whether or not I'd do it this year. I stuck with it because I remember how impactful it was the other 2 years I've started off the year this way. I'm glad I did again this year and plan to continue next year <3

<!--@include: ../../../bible/prayer/journal/2025/01/25_21-days.md{3,}-->

Although I stopped journaling about it, I did go through the entire book of John. It is 21 chapters long. So I read a chapter each day for the 3 weeks. Since I was doing a devotional book on Jesus' prayers, it seemed only fitting to go through the story about Jesus' time on earth...hehehe It was something else I was glad I did <3

## My Day

I went to sleep around 1am this morning and woke at 7:30am. I feel fantastic...hehehe My attempt to return to a more *common* sleep schedule for my timezone was futile. At least for now...LOL I don't know when my next California trip will be this year. But if I keep with this schedule, jet lag will not be an issue...HAHAHA

I suppose one of the reasons I was trying to shift back was due to my starting off my days with the 21 day devotional I've been doing. I wanted to do that and take a prayer walk before work each day. That meant getting up earlier. Well, last week, my morning prayer walks pretty much ended. I think I only took 1 the whole week due to the weather. Prior to that, I went 18 straight days walking 3-5 miles a day...hehehe

Speaking of walking, I forgot to mention yesterday that I took an evening walk. Yesterday's weather was weird. In the morning, the windchill was in the 20s. That's dangerously cold where I live. Especially with that wind coming off the gulf. But in the afternoon and the evening, it was in the 60s! I didn't even wear a jacket for my walk...LOL I don't know exactly how far I walked. I just kept walking until I felt like stopping. I think it was just over a mile, though...or at least a mile...because I went more than 3 laps around the pond.



## Photo of the Day

<!--@include: ../../../photos/photo-a-day/2025/01/25.md{3,}-->

## Wrapping Up

