# TBD

I mentioned yesterday that a lovely couple stopped to talk to me last night. And at the end of the conversation, they asked if they could get their photo taken with me. I found out today that such things are not allowed at Disney. This was my first time experiencing it. So I didn't know. But the rule is to protect the guest experience. They don't mind folks dressing dapper within a certain level of acceptance at their discretion. However, it can cause guest confusion when folks like myself start getting pictures taken with other guests. Now I know...hehehe

I found this out because of something that happened at Magic Kingdom this past Saturday. There was an Orlando Dapper Facebook group meetup at Pirates of the Caribbean. The theme was...pirates...hehehe Apparently several folks had to make last minute adjustments because their attire went beyond dapper and straight on into cosplay. (Which reminds me of the Disney Bounding group comments about my Christmas attire...LOL) Because of the issues on Saturday, one of the moderators of the group posted some feedback about the confusion that meetup caused between the group and Disney. In the explanation, the original poster brought up the *rule* about getting photos taken with other guests.

There are ways around this rule, though. For example, if it is with another member of the *dapper community*, no problem. You can also get to know the other guest and become friends. In that case, you are just getting your photo taken with a friend...hehehe That's always allowed...LOL In my case yesterday, the couple and I talked for a while before the subject of a photo came up. The only thing about it was that we hadn't exchanged our names until *after* the photos were taken...LOL Had we introduced ourselves to each other and become *friends* first, I see no problem with doing such a photo.

This brings up something else that was on my mind about yesterday. Typically, I have people asking me for help as if I were Cast. That didn't happen at all yesterday. This was a first for me...hehehe I attribute that to my Mickey ears on the hat. This is something to keep in mind going forward. I loved having the ears. So, I definitely want to explore that for future outfits and adjustments to current ones.

My routine today was pretty much back to normal. I had a few exceptions. It did take me a while to wind down last night. I stayed up way past 1am...LOL But I still got up at 7:30am. My mind simply woke up...hehehe I did fine all day, though. I was tired. But I still operated as normal as normal can be.

I haven't worked on my video journal from yesterday yet. I'll try to get to that in the next few days. I'm not going to do anything complicated. But I do want to trim some of the videos down before I splice it all. Plus I need to choose which ones to use. I don't plan to use all 65...LOL

I did some creative writing tonight...YAY!!! I put that on pause for a few weeks. I was glad to be back at it tonight. I have some things churning around in my mind. It should be a good year for writing. But we'll see. A year ago, I had plans to finish my first book. That one stalled again last year. Then again, it wasn't a creative work. It was non-fiction. This creative work I've been doing since November is fiction and just plan fun to write...LOL

I'm hoping to do some painting in the next week or so. I have 2 in mind already. One of them I started last year and just never put to canvas. The other one is new. I have the idea for it. But I haven't even started the digital work yet.

I worked an hour over tonight. That's one of the exceptions to my normal routine. Work has been pretty busy lately. That's a really good thing. I like to be busy during the workday. But one of the reasons for working over was because half my day was meetings...LOL I don't like meetings sometimes. It can derail productivity...hehehe

## Photo of the Day

<!--@include: ../../../photos/photo-a-day/2025/01/29.md{3,}-->
