# TBD

It has been about a week since I last published a journal entry. I say *published* because I wrote 2-3 entries I never published...LOL They are still sitting there waiting for me to either finish my thoughts or to simply let those thoughts go. That happens to me sometimes. I'm sure I've mentioned that a time or two. I write in my journal to get my thoughts out and make room for new thoughts. But oftentimes I end up giving too much thought to writing my thoughts down...hehehe It becomes overwhelming and I stop writing. Sometimes I just don't get back to those thoughts...LOL

When I write for something like a book, I want to stick to a specific format to keep the flow of the book going. But for my journal, I've been all over the place. It is sort of like a playground for my thoughts. So I sometimes use it as a playground for writing style. There's nothing wrong with that. It is *my* journal, after all...hehehe

One of the unpublished entries was an attempt to process a social media post I made about being less engaged in social media lately. I'm glad I made the post on Threads, Facebook, and Twitter. Those are the 3 I have actual conversation on from time to time. Twitter being the most active due to a larger follower count; both in terms of who I follow and those who follow me. In my post, I had indicated I still post when I feel inspired. But I also mentioned that I am finding fewer and fewer posts by others that draw me into the conversation.

I imagine part of this is due to the fact that it's an election year here in the USA. So many posts right now are about the election. I don't discuss politics in the wild. I'm happy to discuss it with trusted individuals. But groups...and let's face it, social media is a rather large group to be discussing things with...are not my best venue to discuss such matters. So perhaps it being 2024 is part of why I have disengaged with others online?

But as part of the conversation with those who did engage with *that* post, I came to realize I have also disengaged socially offline. Although I do have those I talk to via text, phone, or video, I haven't been my usual self lately. Socially speaking. I seem to have become so happy in my *loneliness* that going out to be with people just hasn't been a priority. In this context, *loneliness* is a state of fact and not referring to an emotional state. Earlier this year, I was sad about being lonely. But now, that feeling of loneliness is just that I am alone most of the time. And I'm simply not sad about that right now...hehehe

Drawing closer to Jesus through this season is what is bringing me peace and joy. That's a good thing. In fact, I learning that drawing closer to Him in these times is exactly what I'm suppose to do. And one of my prayers as a part of this is that He guides me in such a way that none of this leads to isolation. There needs to be a balance. Although I'm an introvert (meaning I recharge my energy by being alone), I am still an outgoing people person. Simply put, I need relationships. Meaningful ones for the most part. But also more casual ones. Up through May, for example, I would eat out at some favorites of mine and would interact with the same few acquaintances. It has now been over 2 months since I've done that.

I also cut back on how often I go to Disney World. I did go a few weeks ago and met up with some friends. That was nice and a really good idea. But prior to that visit, I hadn't been in quite a while even for a solo visit to interact with other Disney loving folks.

Basically, what I was observing on my socials is something I am not identifying in my life generally.