# TBD

I have a confession to make. This is my 4th attempt at journaling in the past week...hehehe Plus there is still an unpublished journal entry from the week before that. I'll copy those yet unpublished entries to a private journal so I don't lose them. But I have been having difficulty finishing so many thoughts lately...LOL I can't say as to why I'm having trouble completing these things. I feel that's okay, though. It's okay not to finish and it's okay not knowing why.

I survived another hurricane. This one was named Debby. She wasn't very powerful. However, she was very slow. That means she dumped quite a bit of rain on me for quite sometime. It was the most exhausting storm I've experienced. The reason being that when such a storm is here, you have to remain alert of any risks or dangers. I fully trust God is my protector. So I wasn't anxious at any moment. By being alert, I mean that I had to pay attention to all of the warnings and keep watch on how the weather was affecting things. There wasn't any time to relax from Friday through Monday. I did sleep each night. But it wasn't restful sleep. And with the atmospheric pressure changes throughout the storm, it made a huge impact on me physically. From my sinuses to the arthritis in my right wrist and hand, it was quite the discomforting weekend. Nothing to be concerned about. It is just an inconvenience that prevents true rest. This was by far the longest storm I have experienced. The other hurricanes I've been through we no more than 12 hours of rain, wind, and my being alert. With Debby, it began on Saturday and didn't end until about mid-day yesterday. So about 48 hours of being alert...LOL

The community pool is about 20 feet from my patio. So I always keep an eye on it during these storms. Well, this time, the pool finally overflowed...LOL It has been close before. With how much rain for how long it fell, the pool couldn't contain the water this time. Fortunately, the water didn't make it to my home. Also, there is a large storm drain right outside my patio. The slight flooding just outside was being whisked away by that drain. None of the water made it to my home. I guess the breezeway had a lot of water too. But none of that came in through my front door either. I didn't bother to check. I just heard some folks outside talking about it.

I hadn't been outside in over 2 days. I was finally able to go out for my morning walk this morning...hehehe I never realize how much I miss something like that until I come to days when I'm simply unable to do it. I had no choice, really. You don't *brave* a storm like this...hehehe There's a fine line between *brave* and *stupid*...LOL I prefer to remain *smart* and decided to remain in my home through the whole thing. Aside from my morning walk earlier, it's going to be so nice to be out again. I need to go to the grocery...LOL

The sinus pressure is subsiding. As is the arthritic pain in my wrist and hand. My jaw remained unaffected by the change in atmospheric pressure. So that's also good to go. It seems as though Debby is gone now...hehehe

Some of the thoughts I've journaled about in my unpublished entries have revolved around happiness and social disengagement. I won't go into the details of my thoughts now. I can't seem to finish writing about that. But I will state my conclusions. I am very happy right now. The peace and joy I feel has a single source: Jesus. And socially speaking, I have grown. Others have grown. I remain engaged with the people I'm suppose to who are growing. Those I can't seem to engage with today will either go about their journey without me or our paths will cross again. I'm okay either way. These things are only for a season. I'm not isolated. I'm just more focused. I recognize I have weaknesses and Jesus is filling those up with more of Himself. I'm also focusing more on finding happiness within my needs with very little focus on anything I want. Some of this may seem confusing for now without the context of the thoughts I've written privately. When I read this again in the future, I'll know where to go to find my thoughts...hehehe

