# TBD

## Sad for a Moment

A sadness came over me this morning. I was actually brought to tears. It was somewhat out of nowhere, actually. Perhaps how happy I've been lately has been hiding something deep down that finally bubbled up...hehehe Well, I immediately started to pray and talk to Jesus when I started to cry. It didn't take long for His Peace to comfort my soul and then I suddenly found myself doing some Bible research on a few topics. So, what began as great sadness turned into Joy. And it set a momentum for the rest of the day. It turned out to be a fantastic Friday...hehehe

## Painting Contest Results

The results are in! I had entered my painting in the art context at work the other day. My work received 1 vote...LOL And it wasn't me...LOL I voted for a different painting that caught my attention. I have no idea who voted for mine. But I'm so grateful. The winning painting had 67 votes. I didn't vote for the winner, though. I think the one I voted for had like 8 votes or something. It was so fun to be a part of the contest and to see my painting *displayed* on the internal website. I'm glad I did it. I'm mostly glad because the painting needed to exist. But it was also fun to see it along side all of the other works that also needed to exist. Congratulations to everyone who participated!

## North Carolina

My plans for the North Carolina trip are coming together. As I said the other day, I'm planning to go to Disney with Dan and Corban next Friday. It's Corban's birthday. It will be fun to celebrate it with him at Disney World...hehehe After that, I'll start my drive up to NC. I may stay in northern Florida or southern Georgia. I'll finish my drive to Durham Saturday morning/afternoon.

I'm staying in a little duplex home in Durham, NC, from the 17th to the 24th. I'm driving home on the 24th. I'll be working Monday through Wednesday that week. When I arrive in Durham and unload my car, I'll probably go to Sprouts to get some groceries for the week. Throughout that week, I'll be checking out some parks and gardens in the area. Weather-wise, it's suppose to be similar to Florida...LOL

Thursday and/or Friday, I'll probably spend some time with Tyrese. She lives relatively close to where I'll be staying in another city. We are going to discuss details on Monday. One idea is to go to one of the lighthouses on the coast. I've been there before and hope we do go. It's so beautiful over there. We may end up going to the mountains too. It will be so nice to experiencing different types of environments all in one state...hehehe Like California, North Carolina is such a beautiful state.

