# TBD

Wow! I've really been slacking on my journal this month...LOL As I always say, that's okay...hehehe The only unfortunate thing about that is the fact I've been on a trip for 3 days already and haven't journaled anything from the experience yet. When I went to California last month, I was really consistent about journaling each day to cover things as they happened. This time, however, the only free time I've given myself has been at the tail end of the day when I'm not really feeling like being on the computer...hehehe

This really wasn't planned, but it would seem my sleep time is shifting again. I had gotten use to going to sleep around 1:30am and waking around 7:30am. Gradually, it seems I have shifted closer to midnight now. Of course, that means I'm waking around 6-6:30am instead. So, about the same amount of sleep...just slightly different timing. Again, this wasn't really planned. It just sort of started happening. I have found it important to *listen to my body* when it comes to sleep, food, and hygiene (note the change in soap [last month](../07/29_new-soap-connected-journeys-and-wrong-choices)). So, I'm glad to do what's best for my body when it comes to rest.

Speaking of rest, the other day I posted a *Vitamin G* about being tired, but not giving up. I just need rest. Social media doesn't really lend itself to context due to limited number of characters. But it's also difficult to explain what I meant by being tired. I'm not speaking physically, mentally, or spiritually...hehehe So, what's left? I suppose it is sort of like a combination of the 3? I think the best way for me to describe it is that my mind has been pulled in several different directions lately. I have a lot going on in life. I'm evolving health-wise. I'm being transformed spiritually through the devotionals. And I'm learning new ways to think. Lately, I feel like I need a break from things and take a real vacation. But I don't vacation anymore. People think what I do for travel is vacation. I definitely do not see it as such. Either I don't know what a vacation is or everyone else can't understand what I'm doing...LOL Or both...LOLOL

As someone who isn't planted, where I am in the moment is just my life. Going somewhere else doesn't equate to a vacation for me. Case in point, I worked today...while on what someone else would call a *vacation*. For the past 3 years, I haven't had a real home; by my definition of *home*. I'm not going to mince words here, though. So, okay, I'll concede I'm on *vacation*. I'll concede that my apartment in Florida is *home*. However, I'm in a perpetual state of not feeling at *home* or on *vacation*.

Which takes me back to my point. I'm tired. I'm tired because I don't have a place to recharge anymore. I didn't realize that was the case until recently. I'm learning to find rest right where I am *in the now*. The part of me that is worn out is my nervous system. The part of me that connects all of the other stuff together.