# TBD

I'll start off by addressing the *elephant in the room*. I haven't yet finished journaling about my time in North Carolina...LOL I experienced several wonderful things and I took photos and videos along the way. I'm unlikely to post the videos on this journal because I'm not quite sure how that works really. But I'll be posting the photos...hehehe However, today, I wanted to do a general journal entry.

I failed to be consistent with my journaling on this trip simply because I filled up my time quite a bit more than the trip I did in California. There isn't any particular reason why I did things a little different this time. Each journey is unique. The main goals were the same. The execution was appropriate for the locations I landed in.

That said, one of the things I wanted to write about today is how I'm going to be pausing my search for a new home. The main goal of both trips was to get a feel for those areas. God allowed this to teach me a few things. But all of my attempts to plan such a trip in September have been met with closing doors...hehehe I also received some new insights to places I previously took off the table. So, for now, I'm going to consider September a stay at home month. That's okay. I wasn't disappointed when none of the plans were working out...LOL

I have been reminiscing about my early life in my hometown of Mooresville, Indiana. To this day, I consider it a quiet, small town feel. It has grown. But its essence remains small town feel. There are still a lot of places one can live there and rarely need to drive. And the downtown streets have been *cleaned up* a bit. It was never a dirty place. It's just that buildings have a fresh coat of paint and sidewalks have been repaired over the years. Several of those downtown buildings have retained their late 1800s/early 1900s facades. And things like the old bars have been replaced with things like coffee shops. Picture Main Street USA without a castle at the end...hehehe

Cherie asked me yesterday if I ever miss living there. My immediate answer was yes. I don't miss that brief 2010-2013 time I lived there in a horrible apartment. But I do miss the first 23 years (1978-2001) of my life in Mooresville. In those early years, I lived in 2 houses with my parents. I've since lived in a total of 11 other apartments, houses, and duplexes in 3 different states. It's no wonder I feel a bit lost...LOL I haven't ever given any place a chance to grow roots...hehehe

I'm still relatively certain I'll be moving next year or the year after that. But I think my next trip will be the one in November for Disneyland. And I may go back to California in March for a Dodgers game and Disneyland birthday trip. I'm likely to make a visit to Indiana in late November or early December for Christmas. I don't want to travel close to Christmas again this year. I did so the last 2 seasons and didn't like doing travel that last week of the year. The weather is so unpredictable and airlines charge inappropriate amounts for flights that week. I drove the last 2 Christmases due to flight costs...hehehe

I'm going to spend the next few months deciding how I would like to setup and furnish my current home. Right now, it doesn't *feel* like *me*. Once I get that *me* feeling worked out, I'm sure it will be much homier...hehehe I may not make any changes for a while. I can at the very least think about it and make some decisions. I'll start small and work my way through this.

Something that has stood out in my recent travels to California and North Carolina is how I've slept so much better away from *home* than when I sleep in my own bed...hehehe That is so weird to me. Most people sleep best at home. In the past, I was typical in this area. However, these last few years have been quite the opposite...LOL I was fine when I first moved here. I think part of my problem is the bed. At about this time in 2022, I accepted a bed from my sister. It was her guest bed that she no longer needed. At the time, I used a Japanese floor futon mattress. I think I'd like to go back to that...hehehe

I'd also like to get rid of my couch. It was given to me by my sister and her, then, husband. It never felt like *me*. But I felt I needed something for my living room for when I had visitors...LOL And my stools are definitely not *me*. It's as if I'm living in someone else's home...LOL I laugh...but it actually makes me kinda sad, really.

Which brings me back to my travels...hehehe I think God *allowed* my trips for a few purposes. The obvious purpose was to enable me to visit a few of my closest friends. I talk with both Cherie and Tye daily now. Cherie and I do video calls every weekend and Tye and I do random FaceTime calls a few times a month. Being able to have shared experiences in person with the both of them was such a lovely Blessing. I'm incredibly grateful for those shared memories and I'll always cherish them. I look forward to more experiences!

The other purpose I feel God had for my travels was to remind me I'm okay living it what feels like *someone else's home*. As Cherie eloquently puts it, anywhere I live here on earth is temporary anyway. Heaven is my home. God's Kingdom is the destination. I've felt that way intellectually for quite some time. But my heart was losing focus these past few months.