# TBD

## Vitamin G

Peace does not necessarily mean the absence of conflict. Often times, peace is about finding a resolution to the conflict. In my life, I want to face conflict by finding unity through the bond of peace. Making peace with others is greater than keeping the peace.

Psalms 34:14 reads,

> Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace, and pursue it.

This short passage inspired me this morning to contemplate being a peace seeker, or peacemaker. Keeping peace can sometimes lead to sacrificing too much of myself in the pursuit of peace. However, making peace seems to lend more to the process of finding peaceful resolutions to the conflicts in my life. I've spent most of my life being a peacekeeper. I would either keep my mouth shut when something bothered me, or I would just pretend everything was okay for the sake of remaining at peace with those around me. What ultimately happens, in every situation where I have done this, is my spirit erodes underneath the surface or the relationship I have with the other person begins to evolve into more conflict. Simply "keeping the peace" would inevitably lead to far worse circumstances.

A quick search of the Bible led me to a few passages I'm going to meditate on as I begin to understand what God is teaching me this morning:

* Proverbs 15:1
> A gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.

* Matthew 5:9
> Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called children of God.

* Romans 12:18
> If it is possible, as much as it is up to you, be at peace with everyone.

* James 3:17-18
> But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceful, gentle, reasonable, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy. Now the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace by those who make peace.

* Ephesians 4:1-3
> I therefore, the prisoner in the Lord, beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called, with all lowliness and humility, with patience, bearing with one another in love, being eager to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

* John 16:33
> I have told you these things, that in me you may have peace. In the world you have trouble; but cheer up! I have overcome the world.

## Day off for MLK Day

My employer recognizes Martin Luther King Jr. Day as a holiday on our work calendar. So I have today off from work as a holiday. With it being a Monday, and not many other businesses being shutdown today, I had a lot of options for how I would be spending my day. I didn't really plan anything specific. I was definitely tempted to go to Disney World today. With my IncrediPass level Annual Pass, I can go every day of the year if I wanted. EPCOT is currently in their International Festival of the Arts season. It is one of my favorite events of the year and it sounded like a good option for today.

I spent the first 3+ hours of my day in prayer and meditation. I didn't spend the entire 3 hours in prostrate calling out to God, or anything of the sort. In fact, it started with my normal prayer and Bible reading time that I begin each day with. I then did a 32 minute workout while listening to Praise and Worship music. Following by a nice hot shower. I then ended those first 3 hours with my usual coffee and OJ and took time to begin this journal entry. This led to today's Vitamin G; which I then posted on my social media feeds. So by "prayer and meditation," I'm referring to being in a meditative state while going about my morning.

Shortly before I posted on social media, I noticed the sun was peering through the clouds! The day began with an overcast sky. So I hadn't taken any sunrise photos yet. Having already written my Vitamin G post but having not posted it just yet, I went out to capture one of the best photos I have taken of the sunrise. Although technically well after the sun had risen, it was still low enough to indicate the photo was in the morning. I was then ready to post today's Vitamin G with the sort of imagery I tend to prefer.

By now, it was around 8:30am. There was still plenty of time to decide if I was going to go to Disney or do something else. Next, I got out a notebook and began writing out the names of people I was thinking about. As I wrote each name, I would pray for them. Some of the names were of people who either directly caused, or had something to do with, past trauma I deal with to this very day. So, after spending the first 3+ hours of the day in prayer and meditation, I felt called to remain at home and continue working through some of the trauma I have experienced in my life. Upon praying for everyone who's names I had written, I then searched the Bible for encouraging passages to help deal with the trauma that had resurfaced in my mind. I figured this would at least help me pray for those who had caused or contributed to the trauma. I also searched out passages that might help me witness to a few of the people I had written down for other reasons to pray for.

Although the Bible had been written thousands of years ago, the wisdom and principles it has can still be applied today. Some passages are just lessons learned. Others are specific instructions on how to live the best life. And still, some scriptures speak to specific topics that are applicable today. It is truly a living document. The Living Word of God. For most of my life, I have only just read the words. I haven't always applied what it teaches me. It has mostly just been a "good book" to me over the years. This year, I would like to change that! Don't get me wrong, I have managed to apply some of its principles in my life. But to truly look to the Word and apply it on purpose? Well, sadly, I have always done that.

To my surprise, I looked at the time after all of that and it was now 11:30am! I don't recall the last time, if ever, that I spent more than 6 straight hours in prayer and meditation. On a day where I could have done any number of things, including going to the Most Magical Place on Earth, I found myself having a conversation with God. A conversation that I hope begins to deal with the trauma that has haunted me for decades. The trauma that has blinded me into making some poor choices throughout those years. A cycle of trauma that I am more than ready to end!

11:30am still left plenty of time to go to Disney World. But I was hungry, so I made myself a lovely tofu ramen bowl...hehehe Having eaten a delicious meal, I figured it was a good time to go through today's "Bible in a Year" session. In today's session, I concluded the book of Job. Job 42:10 was relatable to my earlier prayer time. It reads:

> "God restored Job’s fortune when he prayed for his friends. God gave Job twice as much as he had before."

How I'm choosing to apply this in my situation is that I'll pray for those who caused or contributed to the trauma in hopes that He will restore my soul, or spirit. I no longer wish to hold on to any grudges towards those people. I want to pray for them so that their lives can improve as well. My "fortune" in this context is my love for others; my warm hugs spirit. And my "friends" are those I trusted who broke me. I'm no longer focusing on what I could have done differently. I need to dig deep into what happened and how it has affected me. Praying for them will reset my soul. I'm also hoping that by healing my wounds, I will no longer "bleed" on people who didn't cause the pain.

It's now almost 2pm. Lunch is well over and I enjoyed that further Bible reading time. After doing that, I had to sit and write all of that down in this blog entry. But 2pm still leaves me with a great deal of time to head on over to EPCOT to enjoy some time at the International Festival of the Arts! Will I go now? Nah...

