# TBD

## Coffee

As per my goal, I woke up around 5am today. It's nice to set goals and achieve them. It gives a sense of accomplishment. Some goals should be small and simple. Such was the case for changing my sleep schedule to 9pm-5am. Other goals, like my health goals from 2023, need to be larger. The small goals can give me what I need to feel like I'm making progress in life. But if I keep to just small goals, it will give me a false sense of achievement. Having those larger goals as well seem to carry the achievement with more gravitas. Regardless of big or small, I still celebrate all of the wins! Especially when it comes to goals.

I'm especially grateful for reaching my goal of waking at 5am today. It took me more than 30 minutes to make coffee this morning! Getting up so early meant I had plenty of time for the issues I faced with my coffee today. I ground my coffee fresh today and set about preparing the coffee maker as I do every day. As it began brewing, I got to thinking about how I hadn't cleaned the machine this month. I had traveled to Indiana to conclude the year back in December. I typically clean the machine at the start of the month when I change air filters in my AC unit. And although I did not clean my coffee maker, I did clean and change out the filter in my water dispenser; which I do so every 6 months. So "why didn't I do the coffee maker", I thought to myself.

Once the coffee was done brewing, I dumped out the remaining water in the reservoir, rinsed the filter (I use reusable filters), and proceeded to take that first refreshing sip. Bleh! It tasted gross! I took another sip to confirm. Yep! Gross! I then thought, well, perhaps it was the blend of coffee I was using today? I don't particularly enjoy it. But I'm drinking it because I bought it. I had been rotating 4 different blends this winter. I decided to brew another mug full of the same blend to see if it was just a fluke that it turned out so horrible. Guess what!? That second brew was just as bleh!

As I didn't particularly enjoy this blend anyway, I decided to toss out what beans I had left of it. And then proceeded to clean the machine. I figured either way, I wasn't going to enjoy that blend and the cleaning was well past due. I clean the machine by brewing 6oz of distilled white vinegar through the machine. This dislodges any particle buildup within the tubes and mechanisms of the machine. I then run plain water through it to rinse out the remaining particles and remove that vinegar taste and smell. I do 2 runs of 12oz of hot water each. At this point, the coffee maker is as clean as it's going to get!

I also cleaned out my coffee grinder. I do that every few weeks anyway. Today felt like it was a good time to do so. I ground a fresh batch using a different blend. One that I truly love! I then went about brewing the coffee as I always do. Hoping for the best, I took that first sip. Eureka! It was perfect and refreshing! Normally it only takes a few minutes to brew my morning mug of coffee. Today, it needed to teach me a lesson. Stick to the cleaning routine!

The same goes for my soul. Over time, life's circumstances can cause a buildup of a nasty set of emotions. From stress to anxiety, there are so many things attaching themselves to the inner peace of my soul. Every so often, this causes me to feel bleh. And if not properly cleaned out, this can lead to spiritual and mental fatigue. I need to take a moment on a regular basis to clean out my soul. It isn't something to do only once a year. It is something I need to add to a monthly or weekly routine. Some sort of interval that helps keep myself in check and keeps the tubes and mechanisms that make my soul brew clear.

## Vitamin G

Today, I’m going to be grateful for all that I do have. I’m not going to focus on all of the things I do not or no longer have. When I make an account of it all, I have everything I need and a lot that I want.

Philippians 4:11-13 reads,

> 