# TBD

## Workout

I am by no means a workout enthusiast. Most of my life, in fact, I have refused to workout. I was never concerned with not being able to lift heavy objects and I really don't like that super muscle look of the gym going dude. However, as I was on my health journey last year, I started feeling inspired to at the very least take another look at working out. I'm still not the least interested in having that muscle look or anything. I have found that it is a great way to exercise when walking or running outdoors isn't possible. Towards the end of the year, I pulled back on my workout routine for a bit due to holidays mostly.

One of my goals for getting up at 5am was to get back into my functional strength and core workouts. I told myself that if I were to be able to get up at 5am for 3 straight days, I would begin my 2024 workout routine. I indeed stuck to that! On that third day, which was this past Monday, I did a workout. Today was the next workout day for me. I was still in pain from a few days ago and really didn't want to do my workout...hehehe Upon the prompting of the Holy Spirit, I went through with my workout today. Although I'm still a little sore, I feel fantastic! My body and mind really needed this today.

## Slow Pour Coffee

WOW!!! I had forgotten how amazing slow pour coffee was!!! Not only is the taste so much better, the action of manually and slowly pouring the hot water from a gooseneck kettle over the grounds in a decanter truly is a spiritual experience. Another bonus is that it doesn't matter how big or small my coffee mug or cup is! Since the coffee rests inside a decanter, I can pour as much as I need in any size mug! Using my single serve machine, I always preferred the max of 14 oz. Any smaller mug or cup just wouldn't do. With this slow pour technique, I can easily pour another mug or cupful without brewing another batch. I can see my coffee mug and cup collection soaring now!

## Vitamin G

For today's post, I'm going to reach back to a past post I made over a year ago. Just as I was back then, I'm working through some trauma. So it feels appropriate to revive and update from the past:

> I must work through my pain. Like an untreated wound will fester and become infected, untreated emotional trauma can fester and infect my soul.

## Walk

On my walk today, these are the things I heard God speaking

### Rain

I see the rain
He sees what the rain does

Fire burns and destroys...but it also provides renewing in the soil

I see the circumstances but He sees what the circumstances are doing

### Stuck

Minister where we are

Apostles were with Jesus for 3 years 

Others get Holy Spirit immediately 

Others take a lifetime

Not about me…about Him

He understands it all...we don't

### Find God…chase God

Find Him in the circumstances 

Not about me, not about them (friends, family, parents, kids, those who are suffering), it’s always about Him 

Sin caused this...God restores