# TBD

## Best Self Forward

Over the course of this past year, I've been searching out who "Greg Marine" truly is. I've spent most of my adult life in a romantic relationship and often found myself truly lost in who I was on my own. When I'm in a relationship, I tend to absorb treats of the other person or sacrifice important parts of myself for the sake of the relationship. Although compromise is an important aspect of being in any relationship, whether it be romantic, simply a friendship, or being a parent, I'm learning that it is important not to lose myself in the process.

I've been observing couples this past year. One common observation I have made is that each person in the couple tended to having something negative to say about the other. They often complained about something specific they wished the other would stop doing or stop being. Also, in each case, it was something I was not observing myself. I could only see the good in the other person. With a few exceptions, I honestly could not see what negative trait each of them were talking about.

I got to thinking about what it was I would say about my partners over the years when I would talk about them to other people. I don't recall ever speaking ill of any of my romantic partners. Not even once. The negative stuff only surfaced in my speech after the relationship had met its demise. I suppose it was the "love is blind" part of my love for my partners. I wanted to see the best parts of them and therefore could only see that.

Here's the rub, as humans, we tend to put our best selves forward. When we are in public, we will most likely be on our very best behavior. That is often what parents teach there children, after all. It isn't until we are behind closed doors that our true selves will surface. I for one will put my guard down and allow myself to act however I please when I'm at home. Being on my best behavior when I'm out and about can be exhausting! So why not put on those comfortable clothes at home and and just be me?!

Having observed this tendency, I realize my attitude about this is all sorts of wrong. Rather than being one person in public and "my true self" at home, I want be who I am regardless of where I am. So, if my true self isn't who I am in public, perhaps I need to reevaluate who I want to be! That way who I am behind closed doors is the same best self that I project myself to be as others see me.

## Romance

## Sinkholes

## Drive Part 1

## Concert/Naples

## Drive Part 2