# TBD

## "My Grace is sufficient"

I cannot count how many times I've prayed for some sort of relief. Whether it be from an injury or the mental pain that came from past abuse, it seems like I'm always asking God to take something out of my life. Although there isn't anything fundamentally wrong with asking for such, I am finding that my attitude has a lot to do with how I ask. My problem has never been with the asking. The problem has always about why I'm asking.

I'm going to go ahead and admit it! I am a weak man. I'm physically weak. I'm spiritually weak. I'm mentally weak. I have always had trouble lifting objects no one else seems to have trouble lifting. Over the course of nearly 46 years, I can count on my hands how many times I've actually trusted God. And let's just say, all of my Vitamin G sayings come from my struggles with mental health!

Anytime someone sees strength in me, what they are actually seeing is God's Grace. I mean this quite literally and not in some sort of spiritual or religious perspective. That is how God's Power has worked in my own life. Where I am weak, He is strong. I cannot say it any simpler. Just as Paul states in 2 Corinthians 12:9,

> He has said to me, “My Grace is sufficient for you, for My Power is made perfect in weakness.” Most gladly therefore I will rather glory in my weaknesses, that the Power of Christ may rest on me.

...I too have experienced this. Although Christ didn't not audibly state this, the passage has always shown up just when I have needed it. I'm going through this right now. I have weaknesses I'm begging God to take away from me. I have afflictions I am just too tired to bear any longer. At least as a man. Yet, God hasn't removed them from my life. Why, oh why?!? Because His Grace is sufficient for me.

Do you know what is greater than my afflictions? Namely, there are at least 2 things great. The first is my sin. If you take all of my problems and sum them up, most of them can be directly linked to the sin in my life. And that is where the second comes in. His Grace is greater! It covers over a multitude of sins and provides the actually relief I need from my afflictions.

I'll give a "for instance." I have terrible social anxiety. You can't really tell when I'm out and about just by looking at my face. But inside my head, I'm screaming. On occasion, this manifests itself on the outside when you might see me rubbing an object or tapping on something rapidly. It doesn't look to the average person that anything is wrong. Yet, deep inside me, I just want to fly away. And it is far worse than this simple explanation.

But here is the thing, my social anxiety will be completely gone when I get to Heaven! No matter how long I live on Earth, I know that when I enter into His Heavenly Kingdom, I will never feel this social anxiety ever again. I find comfort in that while I'm here in His Kingdom on Earth. That doesn't mean the anxiety goes away. It is just something I can bear. So, like Paul in 2 Corinthians 12:10,

> Therefore I take pleasure in weaknesses, in injuries, in necessities, in persecutions, and in distresses, for Christ’s sake. For when I am weak, then am I strong.

...I'll take pleasure in my weaknesses. Not for my sake. But for His. It is definitely a tough attitude to maintain. So I'm learning to ask God for His strength instead of asking for relief from the affliction. I imagine this will always be a struggle. But only a struggle here on Earth. And compared to eternity, my time here is extremely short!

## Rest