# TBD

## Attitude of Gratitude

Believe it or not, I use to be a pessimist. I use to think that whatever could go wrong would go wrong. No matter how hard I might try to make something work out, it was like subconsciously I would derail my own life. There were always outside forces at work to make matters worse. And it seemed as though I would steer into them deliberately. I couldn't be happy with anything and I honestly believed I did not deserve anything good in my life.

That's a depressing thought, isn't it? "I did not deserve anything good in my life." You might say I was a cross between the Eeyore character in Milne's original stories and the Eeyore adaptation from Disney. I was a depressed and pessimistic old grey donkey that still had compassion for others around me. I was willing to allow other people to use me because I did not believe I was good for anything else in life.

This was my internal struggle until the events of 2020. When I saw the world falling apart, there was a part of me that felt like, "well, the rest of the world is like me now!" That's when my mind flipped like a switch. I could probably write an entire book on how things changed for me in 2020. But to sum it up, I had a huge attitude adjustment. As I compared myself to the world's reactions to those events, I realized that I no longer wanted to be so pessimistic about my own life. Just like the world, I deserved better than what my thought life was doing to me.

As people were losing loved ones, jobs, homes, and their lifestyles, I took inventory of my own life. I lost loved ones, my job, and eventually my home, family, and lifestyle between 2020 and 2021. I had actually been through all of this before! Many times, in fact. Yet, every single time, my life had been restored. This led to a revelation of sorts in my thought life. All of the therapy I had received over the years and the encouragements in the scriptures came flooding back into my mind.

You might say, I changed from having a gloomy outlook on life to having an attitude of gratitude. I started to look at what I did have instead of what I didn't. This was something completely new for me. Years of self doubt, self harm, and self detriment were suddenly being stripped away from my thoughts and actions. I stopped self sabotaging my life and realized I was actually a pretty cool guy and with a great life.

I say the "cool guy" part with a sense of humility. This revelation came with it an overwhelming understanding that my life was not just my own. It was God's and a life worth sharing with others. Sharing my struggles and how I am overcoming them has become a passion that is burning in me like a wild fire. When I start to look at all of the wonderful things I actually do have in my life, I know it has truly been a wonderful life. It could have been a lot better, sure. But it could have also been a lot worse. Having an attitude of gratitude keeps me focused on what is truly important and helps me ignore what isn't.

