# TBD

## Birth Month

Happy March!!! And Happy Birthday month to meeeee!!!! hehehe

Historically, I haven't celebrated my birthday for an entire month. It really isn't in my personality to celebrate myself at all. Last year, I pretty much gave myself a break and celebrated most of March. It was fun-ish...hehehe I even invited anyone who was interested in celebrating with me at Disney World last year the week of my birthday. A total of 8 people came throughout that visit. It was nice.

I originally planned to be in California for my birthday this year. I wanted to celebrate at Disneyland and visit with family and friends. That did not work out. That's okay. I'll get to California eventually. Hopefully later this year after all of the work stuff settles down.

So, what am I going to do for my birthday this year? I'm not sure. Possibly nothing...LOL Last year was an experiment. Should I experiment again this year? Probably not. I'm finding happiness in my every day life now. I really don't need to chase after big moments anymore. Last year taught me quite a bit about living in the moment. I chased after big moments last year. It was not worth it for me.

This year's birthday isn't a milestone of any kind. Last year, it was my 45th. With it being my 46th this year, I'll most likely just celebrate internally the fact that I'm here for another year and that I'm happier and healthier than a year ago.

## Vacation Mode

I'm still in a sort of vacation mode. After work on Tuesday, I drove to Disney World for a mini vacation. As soon as I arrived, I extended my plans through Friday. I had already taken Friday off in anticipation that I wouldn't be productive. So all it really meant was that I was going to be switching hotels Thursday...hehehe

Tuesday night was nice. I settled in on having dinner at the sushi place in the Japan pavilion at EPCOT. I went back and forth on where I'd have dinner that night. But for some reason...hehehe...I keep going to the sushi place...LOL Needless to say, I love eating there. I rarely order the same thing twice in the 5 or 6 times I've been there since it opened last Fall. They have such tha varied menu!

They sat me back the windows and my reservation was just in time for the nighttime show in the World Showcase Lagoon. It was perfect. At the end of my meal, they kept telling me not to rush but did keep checking up on me because they were technically closing. So I did end up rushing myself. I didn't mind, though. And when I left, most of the park was empty. I was able to snap a few photos of things without other people in the way. I think I'd like to drive to each park at night and stay long enough for them to clear out so I can take more nighttime photos.

The rest of the vacation went pretty well. And now I'm home. I may sprinkle in more about my adventures as I continue to journal today. At this point, I'm trying to decide if I want to do anything vacation-y near home today and tomorrow. I'll be going to church in the morning. And I have a Zoom call with Chérie later on today. But other than that, no vacation plans this weekend. Normally I would take a few days to relax. But I've still got so much energy...hehehe Which is strange for me. Spending 4 days at Disney usually wipes me out. Yet here I am, ready to GOOOOO...LOL

