# TBD

## SUNDAY!!!

I absolutely love Sunday! And it isn't just because of church. Honestly, there are Sundays I don't want to go to church. And as I've matured in my faith, I actually won't go on those days I'm just not feeling it. I do that to prevent myself from resenting my faith, if that makes sense?

The reason I love Sunday so much is that it is another day. I absolutely love every day! Sure, there are days when I don't really want to love anything...hehehe Not everything is awesome. My positive attitude takes a day off quite often, actually. But the fact that I am still here means that God isn't through with me just yet. He has a plan. And that is well worth celebrating!

So, as long as He has given me another day, I will rejoice and be glad in it. For this is a day that He has made! I'm asking Him to guide everything I think, say, and do today. I pray that it all brings Glory to Him. After all, He is the point of everything, right!?

I'm feeling the church vibe today. I'm grateful to be going to church today. Since I don't always feel that way, I do get extra excited on the Sundays I do feel it. But I must remind myself that these are just feelings. And, as a human, feelings can *lie* to me. That's why I remain in the Word every single day...regardless how I *feel*.

## Shame and Sadness

Whoa! Today's service put the heavy on me. Just when I thought I already had enough to pray about and think through, today's message happens. I won't try to dissect it here in my journal. But I should probably try to talk about how it feels right now.

I have been going through a couple of handfuls of emotions lately. Rejection, abandonment, disbelief, shame, and sadness. I'm also feeling excitement, happiness, joy, love, and respect. I'm looking to God to help me focus on the latter more so than the former.

The two negative emotions I've felt the strongest lately have been the shame and sadness. To say it simply, I've really messed up for years. The weight of the shame I carry is almost too much to bear. And the sadness comes from a place of complete brokenness.

The passage from today's message was John chapter 4. This is the story of the woman at the well who has an encounter with Jesus. I don't know much about the woman. But what little I know makes me feel like I can relate to her. Except, there is one thing she does that I don't do much of these days.

After her encounter with Jesus, she goes into the city to share the Good News. The people there believed in Jesus because of her. And then they had their own encounters with Jesus over the next few days. They went from believing because of the woman, to believing in Jesus because of their own experience with Him. Isn't that how I need to be...don't I need to be sharing my encounter with Jesus to help lead others to Him?

Although I have spent the past 3 years trying to encourage, motivate, and inspire others, I'm afraid I'm sending the wrong message. I didn't do so intentionally, of course. That's why I'm working to change the messaging a bit this year. To focus more on my source of strength; which isn't from within. I want to move the focus onto God. So my prayer for that is that He gives me the words to say and that hearts will be open to His message.

This isn't the first time I've talked about that this year. But this isn't my shame. My shame is all of the poor decisions I have made. All of the people those poor decisions have hurt. None of it intentional. Yet all of it happened.

My sadness seems to come from how I don't feel deserving of the many blessings I have. I share it all freely. But I can't stop the sadness. I also don't feel I deserve to be happy. So, even when I do feel happiness, I talk myself out of it. Why do I do that!?

Of course, none of God's Blessings are really about me. It is all about Him. I hope I can start to feel okay with everything some day. It isn't like I can earn any of this. I'm not entitled to any of it. What I've earned and what I'm entitled to is the shame and sadness I feel.

Once again, I'm being too hard on myself. It's what I do...hehehe I'm forever grateful for the other emotions I feel now. The excitement, happiness, joy, love, and respect I feel now are growing stronger each day.

The past is in the past. I'm moving forward and no longer stuck in the past. And if it is His Will, someday my full spirit will be restored. All of the shame, sadness, rejection, abandonment, and disbelief will all be resolved. Every new day is a chance to accept things the way they are and for me to make better decisions that will Bless others instead of hurt them.

## Food, Glorious Food

Although I'll continue to explore vegetarian foods, I'm essentially complete with my pescatarian diet. I found all of the plant-based meat alternatives made me feel pretty good. However, most still have some questionable ingredients. I'll probably try to come up with my own versions to see what I can come up with.

That said, I've reintroduced pork, beef, and chicken back into my diet. Once I am finished with all of the alternatives I have on hand, I'll be stocking up on real meat once again. And when I go out to eat, I'll probably not look for vegetarian unless they make their own from scratch. I don't trust the Impossible and Beyond brands to have my health in mind...hehehe I'll still have their products from time to time, though. Some of the festival foods at EPCOT use them. For me, most things in moderation are okay. I just don't want to make them a part of my standard diet.

This was a fun experiment. I learned a lot and will apply what I've learned as my diet continues to evolve. Part of the next phase will be making more things from scratch. This will include such things as breads and sauces. Making things from scratch doesn't just taste better, it allows me to avoid all of the additives companies put into food to maintain color, texture, and shelf life. Plus I can avoid GMO products.

