# TBD

## Daylight Savings and the Dark Years

I did not grow up with this thing called *Daylight Savings Time*. And as such, when I first experienced it, I did not like it...HAHAHA I first dealt with it in my years living in Illinois; 2005-2009. Indiana, however, did not observe *DST* from 1970 through 2006.

When I returned to Indiana in 2009, I was already exposed to the concept and had no issue transitioning since Indiana was back to observing it too while I was away those 4 years. *Those 4 years...* Although not directly tied to *DST*, my time in Illinois is what I *affectionately* refer to as my *Dark Years*. I'm using the word *affectionately* sarcastically in this context...hehehe

If ever I write a memoir, I'll discuss in detail what those years were truly like. Someone out there has experienced or is experiencing a similar season of their life. Perhaps talking about my own experience will in someway help or encourage them. At the time, I felt very much alone. However, I have since learned that so many others experience such times.

My suicide attempt was in October 2005 and led to 4 years of misguided pharmaceutical and in-patient treatments that have taken an additional 15 years to recover from. Of course, the obvious thing is that I failed at that attempt to take my own life. Perhaps equally as obvious, and the key thing, is that I have truly recovered from it.

Although it has taken 15 years, God has used these years to teach me so many wonderful things. To go through those *Dark Years* and still be praising God today is somewhat a miracle. At least it is to me. I use to resent what happened. I use to resent the people involved. *DST* use to be a trigger to remind me of what happened. I don't feel that way any longer. Now, I pray for those who played a role and I look at *DST* as a reminder that my favorite time of year has arrived.

Just as each year goes through it, our lives go through seasons. Spring is almost here this year. And my own life is about to go through a *Spring* of sorts. I'm growing just as the leaves on the trees are budding. March winds bring April showers. April showers bring May flowers. The *Secret Garden* of my heart is just about to burst with color and life! And tonight's time change is a welcome reminder of this wonderful season...both for the year, and for my life!

Welcome back *Daylight Savings*! I've missed you old friend!

## Trio of Pain

Hehehe...interesting subheading, right!? I wrote about my jaw pain the other day. And yesterday I wrote about my gout. But I forgot to mention another painful experience I had whilst at Disney World last week...HAHAHA Before the gout and before the infection in my jaw, I had...wait for it... hemorrhoids!!!

I won't go into the gory details. That's just gross, right?! Well, not really gross. It's something that happens to a lot of people. I've dealt with it most of my life. I'm not sure why I didn't think of it when I was journaling last weekend. It has been a kind of crazy week with these ailments. First the hemorrhoids. Once I resolved that, the infection in my jaw hit. Once that resolved itself, I get hit by gout! Imagine if all 3 had happened at the same time instead of in succession!!! OUCH!

All of these do not happen often. And they never happen so closely together. It could have all been a manifestation of the emotions I was going through leading up to last week's meetup. And in some ways, a result of the meetup itself. I don't really know. But what I do know is what I did through the physical pain.

Over the course of about 8 days of one pain into the next, I did a lot of focused prayer. Not for the pain and ailments I was experiencing. I was actually focused on specific prayers for a few other things. It is sort of like the experience I had in January with fasting seafood, television, and candy. Every time I thought about the pain, just as I would think about those things I fasted, I would start to pray for those specific situations others had asked me to pray for. Not only did my mind get off of the physical pain, my mind was able to focus on talking with God. Pretty cool, eh?

I am by no means comparing my pain with what folks like Paul went through. But I do wonder if that is how he managed to get through it. Did he use that opportunity to be closer to God? Did he train his mind to focus on God's voice instead of the pain? I don't really know. What I do know is that this practice has helped me get through my own physical pains this time. It has worked so well, in fact, that I didn't even take pain medication for the gout; which was the worst of the 3 experiences and was the latest.

Today, none of these 3 are flaring up. All of it feels to be healing. Some swelling remains around my large toe on my right foot. But other than that, all of the pain is at the low number of 1 on the 10 point scale. I'm grateful for the prayers of others during this time. I am quite certain their prayers helped in the healing process. And this gave me the opportunity to pray for all of the things I needed to pray for myself. What an amazing Gift God has given us!

## Perspective and the Book

So, I've been working on the book again this year. One of the steps I'm taking is reviewing and revising the existing chapters I've already written. The *I Don't Want To* chapter is having some trouble...hehehe However, the *Perspective is Everything* chapter has seen some significant improvement.

In its original form, *Perspective is Everything* seems to have been my most impactful chapter. At least, I received the most comments on it back when I first *published* it on my website. This revised edition is likely to have a comparable reception. I have greatly expanded on the topic and hopefully included some relatable analogies/anecdotes to convey my meaning.

As I have been praying about this book, I feel like I need to refocus it away from just being the *Vitamin G* I post on social and more toward specific scripture that supports the content of the book. As such, one of the tasks I'm thinking about taking on is merging my idea of a separate devotional into the actual book itself. Rather than having the book *and* a devotional, the book itself might have a devotional integrated within.

The original idea was to have a general book about overcoming life's circumstances so anyone and everyone could relate in the most generic sense. However, I'm not sure that is God's Will at this point. I could be wrong, of course. There is still a chance this will be two separate projects that compliment each other. I'm working on my *perspective* on these ideas...hehehe

I suppose that's the prayer isn't it. What will bring You most Glory, Lord? Will having a secular book with a religious secondary guide bring Him the most Glory? Or will have a single Christian book bring the most Glory to Him? That doesn't need to be decided at this stage. I have months of work left to go. And both paths can be achieved a little later down either path. I'll be sure to ask my editors to pray about this with me. Their *perspective* is why God led them to be in my life, after all! hehehe

