# TBD

## Laughing Seagulls

Growing up, my family almost annually visited Florida for vacation. That's when my love for Disney and the beach began. I absolutely loved that yearly trek down to the Sunshine State. I never remember if we did Disney first or the beach. But it was almost always both.

For the beach, we often stayed at this little condo called The Beach Comber on Longboat Key. By today's standards, that condo building is basically a shack...hehehe But back in the day, it was the most luxurious accommodations this wanderlust kid had ever seen...LOL

One of the things I can vividly remember is we always bought a loaf of bread to feed the seagulls on the beach while we were there. One of the most fascinating things to me as a child was there ability to hover above us and catch the pieces of bread in mid air!

With those squiggly analog lines all over the screen, fast forward to now...hehehe I see seagulls every! single! day! LOL They no longer fascinate me...HAHAHA I don't really hate them or anything. They are just *everywhere* here...hehehe

What I noticed most about them now is that they sound like they are laughing at me...LOL That's right, laughing! At *me*! Of course, they aren't really. But when they are in groups and squawking at each other, that is exactly what they sound like to me...LOL I go to the beach, laughing! I go to the grocery, laughing! I take a shower...well...they aren't in the shower...but they are probably outside somewhere, laughing! HAHAHA I kid, of course. It's fun!

## 