# TBD

## Before and After Text

Well, I slept on it. I've prayed about it. And I believe the answer is to let lying dogs lie. It was a brief moment of reacting to the text. I know for certain they did not intent to cause any sting. They were simply telling me that the way I looked before wasn't any less beautiful than how I look today. And they just don't know me well enough to know what I was feeling 7 years ago.

When I was obese, had long hair, and that hideous beard, I was at a time in my life when my outward appears directly reflected my inward state of being. I purposefully let myself go in every way physically because my soul was in anguish. There were other signs that I was suffering inside. But my outward appearance seemed to most to just be how I was built. It was not.

My friend just didn't know me at the time. And most people didn't know I was doing this to myself to help cope with those inner demons. So, just as I let go of my former self, I'm letting go of that text yesterday.

## Early Phone Call

I prefer my morning solitude regardless of where I am. Those first few hours of the morning really aren't a time to engage with me...hehehe It has nothing to do with coffee either. Coffee isn't that *pick-me-up* that it is for other people. It is more of a self awareness that until I get my mind going, interacting with me is somewhat pointless. A simple *good morning* or a smile is always welcome. But a true discussion of any kind will likely be met with a blank stare of, *I see your mouth moving but I am not comprehending your words*...hehehe

I'm sure it is because I am a thinker. I immediate start thinking the moment I'm awake. Having the *Lord's Prayer*, morning devotional, and prayer time has made a huge impact on training my *thinker* mind to focus on the most appropriate things. But that also means, at least for now, I need that time in the morning before I engage with other people.

This morning was like most mornings. I did all of the things I *need* to do in order to start my day off right. And I'm sure glad I did! Because, shortly after work began, I received a text asking if I could talk for a moment. That moment became somewhere around 45 minutes...LOL Before I dig deep into that, the topic of conversation was something God asked me just this morning to pray about. Well before the call, I was praying for the very thing that was about to come into my day. How great is our God?!?

This person had been needing to talk to me for quite some time. It was a difficult subject and they weren't sure how I would react. They even said so much as that when we were talking. I won't go into the specifics. I'm happy to discuss these things offline with my prayer warriors directly. It isn't appropriate for me to write it out in this journal.

I can certainly understand why they felt concerned how I might react. They know me from a time when all I did was react to things as opposed to respond to them. There is a huge difference in attitude between reacting and responding. When I react, I'm a human who might be angry, scared, judgemental, or take things personally. When I respond, I pray and mindful approach the situation with grace and mercy. My reactions are fueled by my sin; whereas my response is fueled by acknowledging my Creator.

Well, this person has known me for almost 24 years. And in those years, has mostly seen me react to things. They had no idea I start my days the way I do now. [More about my changed life]