# TBD

I had a late night last night. After I finished my entry, I ended up on the phone with my brother. I followed that up with a call to my parents. That landed me in bed after 11pm...hehehe I still woke up around 6am this morning. I originally woke around 4:45am. But I was like *nope, not gonna get up yet*! LOL

I still wanted to get in all of my prayer, morning devotional time, and Bible reading before work. So I skipped my shave and shower time today. I probably could have still shaved and showered and moved some of the other stuff to later in the day. But I already needed to move my shared devotional with Chérie to lunchtime to accommodate everything else I wanted to do before work starts at 8am. These are just desires, though. The only absolute must do each morning is my wake up prayers and devotional time I do before I get out of bed. I do those regardless. Even when I'm on vacation.

I've been thinking about changing my sleep schedule again. The idea crossed my mind at the time change a few weeks back. But what I would really love to do is work a different schedule at my job. Needing to start work at 8am is my real issue with morning time management. It's funny how a work schedule can set the schedule for the rest of my day. But it is so true for me. If I started work at 9am, I could go to sleep at midnight. Needing to work at 8am means the best time for me to get into bed is 9pm. It sounds weird. But that is actually how my brain's cycles work.

And an even better option would be if I could work from like 10pm to 2am. I could get more done for my employer in those 4 hours than I can get done in the 8 hours they have me working today...LOL I guess choosing a career when I did wasn't the best idea...hehehe I'm the type who should have just worked for himself all these years. I'll probably start working towards that again in the coming years. I can retire from my career early and just work for myself until I can draw from my retirement accounts.

Just some thoughts I've been having lately. Nothing I'm going to act upon just yet. This is not the year to begin making that transition. That's because I'm already in a transition at work. In a meeting today, we were finally given the time frame for when we expect to hear if we are moving to the new company or not. We are supposed to get official word by the end of the week with official offer letters arriving by the end of next week.

Due to the uncertainty of work and the timing of my apartment lease renewal, I decided to remain in my current apartment for another year. Yesterday I had mentioned a desire to move. I just cannot do it yet. I'm already going through one life event with work. I didn't need to add another major one such as moving. But this does give me another year to decide where I want to live next. I signed the lease renewal tonight. I'll probably get the counter signed copy from the landlord tomorrow to make it official. I'm okay with staying put for another year. The concerns I spoke about yesterday aren't major whatsoever. I was merely acknowledging the sadness I feel that part of me cannot enjoy some aspects of where I live today.

In my lament to need to avert my gaze yesterday, I forgot to mention the Blessings God provided. I saw some scenery I may not have noticed had I not averted my eyes. I even saw some fish jumping out of the water for some reason. It was really neat to seem them jump so high out of the water. Perhaps they were swimming away from a predator and their momentum carried them so high...hehehe

Today's weather was very Florida like. One moment it was just cloudy. The next it was sunny. Seemingly out of nowhere it was raining. And then the sun would come out again. At one point it looked like the world was ending. Then it was sunny again...LOL I captured a *sit with me a minute, will you* moment for Chérie when the weather was most pleasant. It happened to coincide with my afternoon tea time. When I was almost finished with my tea, I capture that minute for her.

I never would have imagined the impact afternoon tea would make on my life. That little 15 minute break in my day makes me feel so much lighter. The happiness I feel in that moment cannot compare to any other break I take throughout the day. Work goes away. Personal problems go away. Anxiety seems to be held a bay as well. It is incredibly peaceful in that moment. I cannot explain why it happens that way. I really hope it continues, though. I think if I try to understand it, I'll ruin it...hehehe

We are only 2 days into it now, but I'm really enjoying the *How You Start Your Day Sets Your Day* devotional. We really aren't into any reason for the title of the book yet. The 2 days don't seem to have anything to do with how we start our day. But the actually content and reflection time have been enjoyable. Doing this with her is an added bonus. Since we are miles apart, we share our notes in an email thread. Fellowship in this manor is bridging that gap well.

Bugs! Bugs drive me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me up in a padded cell until a died. Then they buried me with a bunch of bugs. Bugs? Bugs drive me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. They locked me up in a padded cell until a died. Then they buried me with a bunch of bugs. Bugs? LOL j/k

But I'm not kidding about the bugs! They are baaack! We actually have bugs all year round. But this is the season when they seem to show up out of seemingly nowhere. And I'm talking about those little winged kind. I'm not talking about anything that crawls around. The pest control seems to take care of the crawling kinds. These little nats flying around are the kind that I don't really like. They get all up in your face and buzz around your ears...ugh! LOL