# Birthday Eve

I figure I should probably write a little tonight because I may not write anything tomorrow...hehehe Tomorrow is my BIRTHDAY!!!

I'm sure I wrote about this before, but I use to never celebrate my birthday. I hated the annual reminder that I was getting older. Not because of the *old* part. More like how adulting is hard work...hehehe I also didn't want to grow to become my dad! I love him dearly. But there is so much I don't want to be that he is...sorry dad!

Truth is, I'm not much like my dad. I'm more like my grandfather (his dad). Dad isn't a bad man and he was always a great provider for us when we were kids. He still takes care of mom. There are just some important things that I would never want to resemble in him. So I do the opposite...hehehe

Anyway, I really do love celebrating my birthday now. Last year, it was at Disney World. And since I wasn't able to work out a trip to Disneyland this year, I've decided to stick closer to home. I'll be having breakfast with Kerry in the morning after I've watch part of the Dodgers game. I'm also going to have dinner at Ford's Garage with that dining experience I think I may have mentioned before. If not, I just mentioned it now...hehehe

For the time in between those meals, I'm planning to explore a few botanical gardens just south of me. It appears it will be a cooler day but really sunny. Kind of like how it was today. I'm charging my camera batteries to prepare for taking lots of photos...hehehe I'll also have my iPhone to take some photos that I can share instantly. Some *warm hug* photos and *sit with me a minute, will you* videos will likely be coming *your* way...

I felt it would be nice to take some time and meditate while exploring a piece of Florida I have yet to see. I actually got the idea from Chérie. She is hoping to go to the arboretum near her next month. This inspired me to see if any such place existed near me. I found several promising places to check out. I may end up at a few tomorrow...hehehe

It has finally arrived! Spring has sprung! But winter is trying to hold on tight around here...LOL It was bitterly cold this morning. I had to put on my warm jacket and a wool cap to go outside for a sunrise photo. I was pretty frozen by the time I got back inside...hehehe It did warm up as the sun was shining brightly all day. But I was still wearing jeans on my walk this evening. I also only walked 2 miles. I was just too cold to get that last mile in this time. I prefer warmth. I moved to Florida for a reason, after all...LOL

I woke really early today. Long before my normal time. I was woken by a nose bleed...ugh! At first I thought it might be sinus drainage. Nope! It was red. I immediate jumped into action to stop the blood flow. I then proceeded to save the pillow case. None of the blood had the chance to soak into the pillow. And I quickly washed the pillow case by hand in the sink. Stain, and crisis, averted! I tossed the case in the dryer and laid back down.

I wanted to go back to sleep. I still had plenty of time to sleep before I needed to get up. That's when I felt God call me to pray. This has been happening more frequently of late. I wake up in the middle of the night and a specific person or situation would be on my heart. I then pray until I fall back to sleep. Today was a bit different. This time, I did not go back to sleep. What I was being called to pray over has been on my heart all day. So I have continued to pray for it all day.

This *call to action* type prayer is new to me. It isn't unusual for me to pray in general. But these callings have been intense! Especially today; which included that nose bleed...hehehe As I was praying in that wee hour of the morning, I also felt called to be still and silent. In that stillness, I was led to Matthew 17:14-21.

The rest of the day has been quite the spiritual journey. I won't go into it much here. I'm actually still processing some of it. But some of it I included in my devotional reflection journal. Especially the one Chérie and I are doing together. And part of that one inspired today's Vitamin G post.

I had a very productive day at work. I'm in the final preparation phase of moving the first iteration of my current project into production. Yay!!! As I would say at work, I'm just about to land this plane...hehehe It is finally arriving at its final destination...hehehe I'm pretty excited about that, actually. I've scheduled a likely final meeting about the project with the business partners who needed the application I wrote for them. That will be Thursday morning when I get back *in the office*. (None of us work in an office...hehehe)

While I was at lunch, my VP attempted to call me. He sent me a request to let him know when I got back online. So I did. He said he should be able to call me in a few minutes...but he never did...hehehe I pinged him at the end of the day to see if he still wanted to talk to me today. But he wasn't able to call then. He said he'd find a moment to talk tomorrow. I told him it'd have to be Thursday as I have the day off tomorrow...LOL He said that would work and said *in summary, not to worry*. That specific phrasing has me thinking it is something important and is likely good news, perhaps? Could this be him letting me know whether I'll be moving to the new company, staying with the current company, or that they have no place for me in either, but after the transitions are complete later? hehehe Wondering minds want to know! Again, God is my provider. So I'm not worried about where I'll end up. It just sure is nice to have answers to questions, you know!? hehehe

I got to hang out with a doggie tonight! But for only a few minutes. My neighbor was coming out to let Timmy do his business just as I was walking by their apartment. I stopped and talked with her and gave Timmy some love. He was super excited to see me...hehehe I love to build these types of relationships. They aren't deep or anything. But they are warming when we get a chance to interact. I recall one time last week when she was pretty upset about something and then thanked me for stopping to talk with her because our chat calmed her down. I had no idea anything was bothering her until she said that...hehehe It was nice to see her and little Timmy again tonight.

I'm looking forward to the Dodgers season opener tomorrow. I'll watch the first hour or so of the game. Then I'm having that breakfast with Kerry. For my coffee tomorrow, I'll be using my new Dodgers coffee mug for the first time! Perhaps that will be tomorrow's first *warm hug*? I'll be drinking the Sumatra coffee. I'll likely not be having my afternoon tea tomorrow. I will be out and about, I'm sure. So my clear Dodgers tea mug will have to wait until Thursday to get used...hehehe