# TBD

This has been quite the week. So much to write about that I wonder if I actually will...hehehe Sometimes I want to write and don't simply because some of my experiences need to remain in a place of my heart that no one else will ever see and that I'll bring back to remembrance without being prompted by what I wrote *today*. Sometimes, when I experience the same joy or pain at a later time, moments like what I'm referring to will come back through relatable emotions. There is something so intimate about that, you know?

The first thing I want to talk about today is actually something I wrote a letter about and decided not to send. I wrote the letter to process my thoughts and feelings on the matter. Partly to prepare myself for discussing the situation with my parents. But also to get the thoughts from whom I wrote the letter to. I'm not going to mention any names today because today's journal entry is about my own thoughts and feelings completely. Although I shared some experiences this week, there are so many other experiences from the week that I experienced solely with God. I'm writing about them today because I really need to process it all.

That's what I do when I write. Writing has given me the opportunity to get out my thoughts and feelings in a medium that allows me to meditate over everything I feel and think. This has been such a transformable year in this regard. Never before have I ever written so much. Some of it can be used for other purposes. While some of it is just rambling.

Before I continue, I want to reassure you that I am doing really well with what I’m about to talk about. God has always been and will always be my provider. I have faith in His plan. What I do for a living is merely one detail on the ledger of that plan. I’m not anxious about my situation whatsoever. It is both freeing, and a little weird to feel okay…LOL Also, I did not lose my job yesterday…

I received the news that, as of now, I have not been chosen to move over to the new company. The new company is definitely taking most of my team. However, there are a few of us who aren’t as vital to the specific reasons the team is moving. In my case, there is reason to believe that the new company already has resources that fit the skill set I have. With a limited budget, that company did not feel I was essential.

This does not yet mean I will be without a job later this year. There remains the likelihood of my skills fitting a different team within my existing company. However, with all of the other changes in the works, this is not a certainty either. The analogy presented to me was that the company is somewhat like the Titanic sinking. There are several lifeboats being deployed and they will see about finding room on one of them for me. Unlike the Titanic, however, the entire ship isn’t going down. There will be a much smaller ship remaining even after all of the lifeboats are deployed, if that makes sense?

So, this news yesterday answered the first question: “Will I be moving to the new company?” *No*. That answer now presents me with a whole new set of questions…LOL Is there a lifeboat for me? Will there still be room for me on that smaller ship after everything settles down? When will all of these other changes be taking place that affect those questions? How long do I have before I’ll know if/when I’ll be without any options? And I was also presented with another question concerning that new company who does not want me…hehehe

My boss was selected to move over. He asked me if I would like him to advocate on my behalf with the new company to convince them to take me. This is the most immediate question that I need to answer by the end of the day today (Friday). It is more of a question of whether or not I want to pursue other opportunities outside of all of this or give him some time to see what he can do.

Wednesday, I was presented with such an outside opportunity. A friend of mine who works for Disney sent me a job posting that peeked my interest. It was for a management position overseeing a software development team for the theme parks. I believe it is the dining reservation system. I’m praying to see if the timing was mere coincidence or divine providence. It isn’t enough for me that it is *Disney*. I want my decisions about all of this to be about God’s Will.

Regardless, I still have months ahead. I did not lose my job yesterday. The uncertainties just still remain. I need prayer about discernment considering this matter. I also hope the Peace remains in my heart. I do not want this to lead to anxieties. I don’t think it will. But I’m human. It is tempting to be anxious…hehehe

I spoke with my boss first thing when I started work. I wanted to ask him how he felt about the new company not wanting me right away and how adamant he was in convincing the new company that I was vital to his team. He expressed his disappointment and that he felt very strongly that he wanted me to come along. So I told him that I would appreciate his advocacy over me with his soon to be new boss. In the meantime, I will also be exploring all of my other options, including outside opportunities, in the coming months.

I enjoyed my birthday very much. I'm really happy with how the day went. I visited 3 botanical gardens. Each have their pros and cons. I did not have much time to explore the third one. So its cons list hasn't really be established yet...hehehe The other two, however, I spent quite a bit of time at. Overall, I felt the third one was my favorite of the day.

The first was Kopsick Arboretum Palms and Cycads in St Petersburg. It is right on the bay and part of a larger park that includes sports and physical training activities. There is also a nice little public beach. But the arboretum is why I was there. It features over 500 species of palm trees and cycads!!! Wow!!! And I don't mean 500 plants...I mean 500 species...each with multiple plants of each. So many to see!

I'll likely go back to truly look at many of the different kinds of palms there are. Before living in Florida, I had no idea there were so many species. I had only noticed a few types on my various trips down from Indiana over the years. I could probably count what I observed on one hand. To consider there are more than 500, that is mind blowing! And this park has most of them within a few acres...LOL I figure I'll some day take photos of the ones that fascinate me the most and then refer to those photos as I continue to explore other parts of the state. I can also see if I spot the same trees in other states that have palm trees. It will be fun to identify them in my travels...hehehe

This park isn't very secluded. There was quite a bit of activity going on over in the sports area. That was a little distracted when I was in that part of the arboretum near all of that. There was a lot of road noise as well. So many people have noisy cars or are playing loud music. But for the most part, it was still an enjoyable area. The little beach looked clean and nice. There were some sailboats anchored out in the bay that I was able to snap some photos of. It was such a beautiful day to be so close to the water since I wasn't able to be out on the water.

This was were I was when I did that day's devotional from *How You Start Your Day Sets Your Day*. I had to give it a few tries because of a distraction over by the beach. Someone was playing their music so loud that it was too loud for even me being 50 yards away...LOL I can't imagine how loud it was for them standing right there...hehehe But they stopped after a bit and I was eventually able to meditate and focus on the devotional. And while I was writing, some gray squirrels became very curious as to whether or not I had food in my bag...HAHAHA

The second stop was Sunken Gardens, also in St Petersburg. Rather than being on the bay, this one was somewhat in the heart of a busy area. This was also the place where I took the most photos. It is a beautiful experience. They have a large variety of plants and animals there. This one came with a $15 price tag. I imagine that goes along way to helping keep the plants and animals happy.

Although it was very pretty, it was quite busy. It was very difficult to relax and meditate for any amount of time. On a low attendance day, it will be very lovely to spend time there. I wonder if there is a way to know how busy they expect it to be...hehehe I think it was Florida's Spring Break this week. So that may have been the reason for the crowds.

I did enjoy it enough to give it a try again someday. I'd say the best part of this one was the butterfly garden area. They have many plants up there which attract the butterflies. And the butterflies were very active! Most of the garden is below street level, hence the name *Sunken* Garden. But the butterfly garden was a bit higher up on a hill. Up there, there is more direct sunlight.

My third, and final botanical stop, was at The Florida Botanical Gardens in Largo. This garden had a more Florida feel than the other two. I didn't get to spend as much time here. I only had about 45 minutes I could spend. So I'll definitely be back...hehehe It has some wetlands, a forest boardwalk, and some typical gardens you would find in such a place. Overall, a very lovely experience for the short time I was able to be there.

The only caveat that I immediately noticed is that my mobile data connection wasn't nearly as strong as it typically is around here. It is hard to say if it was just for the moment, or if there really is an issue with data in that area. I'll be sure to take notice of it on my next visit.

They have an art center there. I wasn't able to check that out this time. But it will be something I'll be sure to check out next time. There was a lot of Florida wildlife. Especially in the wetlands area. There weren't a lot of people there at the time. So it was a nice and quiet time for me to meditate for a bit without many interruptions.

After that, and the reason my time there was short, I headed over to Ford's Garage in Lutz for dinner. I had to be there by 6pm and had quite a ways to drive. I had prepaid for a 5 course dining experience because it coincided with my birthday. I thought it would be fun...hehehe And it was! This was the first time they've done it. I gave them the feedback that I'd love for them to keep doing those events.

It's difficult for me to explain how the dinner went beyond saying that the food was great and the company was enjoyable. I sat with a couple whom I hadn't met before. I didn't know anyone...LOL But it was fun to chat with them throughout the evening. The gal actually works at that location. But instead of working that night, she was able to enjoy this dinner...hehehe

