# TBD

I had a pretty *cool* day! I did my usual morning routine. But then I went to the movies...yay!!! I may have mentioned this yesterday, but I went to see *Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire*. I wore my *I'm So Cool* Olaf shirt...hehehe I wanted to show off what the true Frozen Empire was...LOL And that *King* Olaf's warm hugs could overcome the coldness of fear...hehehe Part of the movie plot is that there is this ghost that can kill you through literally freezing you through fear. The theatre was so cold. I should have brought a jacket...LOL

After the movie, I did some dog toy shopping! It had been a while since I've done that. I miss it! Pet shopping is one of the best joys in the world. I do miss my pets and always hope they are happy and well taken care of without me. Today's little adventure was so much fun! This time it was for Mr. Long Legs...hehehe I can't say here what it is I got for him just yet. His momma reads my journal...LOL She knows it's coming. But not what it is. I'm hoping to get the package out in time for it to arrive for Easter. I hadn't planned it as an Easter gift or anything. But I just noticed today that it might arrive in time...hehehe I wanted to get a warm hug. After all, why should his momma get all of the warm hugs...LOL j/k

I got to see my sister today. One of the pet stores I went to was only a few miles from her house and work. So I dropped in on her to give her a warm hug from her older brother...hehehe Honestly, I needed the warm hug from her. I don't see her as often as I'd like. I decided not to move this year as I've previously mentioned. But I have thought about moving closer to her. Maybe next year? I love her little city. It would be nice to see her and her soon-to-be husband more often.

