# TBD

My heart and mind are wide open. Always have been. This is a double edge sword of sorts. On one hand, that makes it easy for me to course correct when God is helping me navigate my world. On the other hand, when I seek navigational help from the world instead, I can be easily influenced by the world. I need to always feed my open mind and heart with godly influences, not the worldly ones. To be *in* the world, and not *of* it.

## Reflection

> Humble yourselves [with an attitude of repentance and insignificance] in the presence of the Lord, and He will exalt you [He will lift you up, He will give you purpose]. JAMES 4:10 AMP

God is worthy of all our worship.

Picture yourself kneeling before Him, and speak out words of honor and praise.




> Watch over your heart with all diligence, For from it flow the springs of life. PROVERBS 4:23 AMP

Imagine you have a box in front of you, and you're placing your thoughts into that box.

What kind of things would be inside it?

As you do this exercise, talk to God about what's on your mind today.

## Prayers

God, thank You for Your promise of peace. I may face uncertain and frightening things in this life, but I know You are bigger than my problems. As I walk with You today, help me to remember that no matter what l encounter, You are good. You promise to always be with me—and that brings me peace. In Jesus' name, Amen.

Father God, thank You for deeply caring about who I am. I'm so grateful that one day, You will take away all the pain and hardship I've experienced. But until that day comes, I will trust You and cling to You. I will place my hope in You. I will bring You my pain, and allow You to comfort me. In Jesus' name, Amen.

God, You are more than willing to give Your wisdom to me. You want me to know how to live a godly life. Please make me eager to listen and discern Your voice. Give me a desire to obey You so that when You speak, I act with joy-filled faithfulness. In Jesus' name, Amen.

God, no matter what goes on around me today, help me to stay focused on You. It's when I'm close to You that I find the strength I need to accomplish whatever is before me. So right now, I choose to quiet my mind and refocus on Your presence. In Jesus' name, Amen.

## 3:30am Anxiety

I woke up around 3:30 this morning with an anxiety attack. And I do mean ATTACK! I was asleep. So I wasn't even having any thoughts whatsoever. My *thinker* was shut down. So, where did this come from?! This particular attack has happened many times before. I often wonder if it is caused by or influenced by the *enemy* in someway.

I'm going to be open and honest here because I feel as though it might be the best for me at this moment in my life. Having been in the practice of journaling this year, I am finding that the more honest and open I am here, the better my reflections are on what I've written. With being so raw and vulnerable here, I question whether or not this should be on the Internet sometimes...hehehe But then I realize the struggles I write about are often common. And perhaps someone will read this someday and find encouragement as they follow along with what God has been doing in my life.

This attack was rooted in financial instability and mistakes I've made over the years. I'm doing well now. But I haven't always been. And I still have a ways to go in this area. With the end of the month coming, my largest bills are coming due quickly! I woke up with this heart attack like pain in my chest and my mind immediately went to the question of *do I have enough in my checking account to cover all of it?!?*

The short answer is *absolutely*. The long answer is that God is my provider. I have nothing to worry about. I've had times in my life when my bank account was empty as the bills came due. And then suddenly, the money I needed arrived in time. I can't explain it other than to say God is good to me!

I have also had times when the money still wasn't there when the bills were due. I've been late on payments and therefore paid penalties. These moments weren't caused by a lack on God's part. It was always my fault. And it wasn't a lack of faith on my part. It was poor financial planning. A weakness I still have. A weakness God is still working on...hehehe

Living *in the moment* can be a good thing most of the time. But I also need to be thinking about the next moments that are ahead. If I don't plan, I plan to fail...hehehe I'll probably go through my budget again soon just to validate I'm still on track. I do that more often now because of past failures in this area. I've learned that the more I watch my bank ledger, the more purposeful I am with my finances. I can't just wing it all the time. I want to be a good steward of the resources God has given me :)

## Food for Thought

A few days ago, I wrote some [Food for Thought](./23_new-grocer-food-for-thought-dog-toys-and-frozen.md#food-for-thought). At the time, I had some pondering questions about attachment of people, places, or things to certain emotions I experience ranging from anxiety and doubts to joy and excitement. In my thinking, I figure some attachments might be beneficial and wondered if some might be harmful.

To continue feeding my thoughts, I meditated on this a bit more while I was driving to the Florida Botanical Gardens yesterday.