# TBD

I had a great day yesterday spending time with my brother. I met up with him at Disney World. We did all of the must dos he needed. But mostly just went with the flow at our own pace. He is typically doing whatever his family wants to hit up each day. So it was a nice change of pace for him...he said as much himself.

We started off at Disney's Animal Kingdom. The first thing we did was ride Dinosaur...hehehe It had been a while since I had ridden it. The wait wasn't long. And since I wasn't by myself this time, it was nice to have someone to talk to in line...hehehe After that, we saw the Nemo and Friends stage show, followed by The Festival of the Lion King show.

After AK, we drove over the EPCOT parking lot to park my car in a central location and then headed over to Magic Kingdom via the monorail. The first thing we did there was have lunch at Casey's. I went with the Chicago style plant-based sausage. It was like having a Chicago hot dog. We then did Mickey's Philharmagic show and then Carousel of Progress.

Our next stop was EPCOT. We saw the China movie mostly just to say we did something at EPCOT. We hadn't specifically planned to spend much time there and wanted to do something to consider it a park visit. We were actually aiming at Hollywood Studios because he wanted to do the Muppet 3D show. So after China, we went over to Hollywood Studios to do that.

After Muppets, it was time to think about eating again. That's when we decided to go back to EPCOT...hehehe The festival foods are really the best option for a quick meal if you can get over there. It was a quick walk over. We sampled a few of the festival foods and then rode the Figment ride and Living with the Land.

At this point, it was time for me to consider heading home. His wife and daughter were suppose to eventually meet up with us. But that didn't really work out...sort of. He and I parted ways and I went to grab a coffee and water for the drive home. I also cued up the Monday teaching from the CCGS passion week services so I could listen to it while driving.

After I got my coffee and was headed to my car, I spotted my sister-in-law and niece...hehehe So, I did end up seeing them before I left after all...LOL I gave them a warm hug and then headed home.

That first passion week service message was incredible. I'll likely journal more about it next week. But I am sooooo glad I listened to it last night. I really needed it. Right after I was finished with it, it was just about time for last night's service. So I switched my YouTube over to the live feed. I listen in live for the remainder of my drive.

The sermon for the night was just beginning as I arrived home. So I *threw* it up on my TV once I got home. Again, I am soooo glad I tuned in last night! And again, I really needed it!

For the 2 weeks leading up to this week, I had been doing an Easter devotional that was technically suppose to a part of the Easter celebration. I wanted to get a head start on it.