# TBD

## Summer Over?

A new week and a new month! Happy September! The beginning of the *ember* months...hehehe Many celebrate this as the end of summer and start of Fall. I do not. I see it as the last three weeks of summer...hehehe Even when I lived in Indiana, it still felt like summer until October. However, when I was kid, this was about the time when school started. So, I suppose there was a time when this week felt like summer was over...LOL

## Disney Visit

The only thing I left out of my journal entries about my North Carolina trip was how I dropped by Disney World on my way home. Since I drove, and Orlando was on the way home, I thought it would be nice to end the trip there. Also, it looked like I would be arriving in the area around dinner time. Perfect timing, if you ask me...hehehe I arrived shortly after a storm had passed and was greeted with a rainbow as I entered the parking lot of EPCOT.

I decided to have dinner at the Rose & Crown in the UK pavilion. This was my first time experiencing this one. I rarely do the table service restaurants at EPCOT. The many festivals they have keep my stomach full with all of the food booths. In the *off season* without festivals, I like to give the tables service places a try. I really enjoyed the food, the atmosphere, and even the price.

I believe it is one of those restaurants not run by Disney themselves. I think most of the EPCOT table services are run by companies from their respective countries. Of course, the feel of cost is relative to the one paying...hehehe What isn't expensive to me might be expensive to someone else. Then again, most people throw away their thoughts on cost while they are at Disney. They know going in that it isn't cheap. Disney *magic* allows people to ignore the numbers...until they get home and see the ledger...LOL

The rest of the evening was pleasant. I walked around a bit. I also had a small bite to eat in the Japan pavilion. I always love their food and couldn't pass up the opportunity to enjoy it again...hehehe I enjoyed some people watching and overall ambience of EPCOT. It is my favorite park, after all.

## Journal Revue

I believe I've mentioned this before. I've been going back and re-reading past journal entries. As of this morning, I have already gone through all of January and February. It has been nice to see how I've grown since the beginning of the year. Aside from that, I'm also logging key things from those entries I'd like to revisit or expand upon. I'm making note of all the *Vitamin G* I've added more context to. And I'm keeping track of ideas for possible chapters of one of my book projects.

One of the many things that stand out is how my thoughts have evolved this year. As of the end of February, I hadn't yet started the daily devotionals I've been doing with Cherie. It is interesting to see how some of my beliefs have changed in such a short time. It has been almost six months since we started our devotionals. Yet, they have been an eye-opening, mind-blowing, and heart-growing experience. To see such results so quickly is encouraging.

As a side note: I got the first devotional book at the end of February, as mentioned in the [Olaf Trifecta](../02/26_car-tarpon-olaf-and-meetups#olaf-trifecta) section of one of my past journal entries...hehehe I didn't start it right away. After a few weeks, I decided to ask Cherie if she'd like to join me on it. Her response was *Of course!* We have been doing a devotional daily since...hehehe

I believe it is okay for beliefs to evolve over time. New information should help clarify our thoughts, right? Having an open heart and mind is a way to admit I really don't know much...hehehe So long as my core beliefs do not change, I'm happy to keep an open heart and mind to learning new things. My deepest core belief is that God is my creator, He came to earth as Jesus to save me from my sins, and has provided the Holy Spirit to help guide me on this path. Everything else is just the details...hehehe

## Labor Day

Today is a Federal holiday. I haven't always had Labor Day off from work. However, for the past several years, I've had the blessing of the day off. It is somewhat a surprise holiday for me. I never think about it. Then about a week before it comes around, work reminds us that we have the following Monday off...LOL I like surprises like that...hehehe

I had thought about going to Disney today. The Food & Wine festival began last Thursday. I decided to stick close to home instead. The weather is so unpredictable here this time of year. I didn't feel like spending my day off thinking about whether the weather was going to dump a bunch of rain on me or not...LOL As much as I love Disney, I just wasn't feeling it this time. I found myself going back to Zen Kitchen and Bar again..LOL

Zen Kitchen and Bar is in New Port Richey. That's the little town where I visited a few weeks ago with my sister. This is now my third time coming here in the last week. I think I really like NPR...hehehe I keep thinking I should probably move here next year. Of course, I still don't know if I will. I stopped concerning myself with where I'll be going. I am almost certain I'll be moving next year or the year after. But where is still a mystery.

## Happiness Revue

I've written and spoken a lot about happiness this year. I even wrote a lengthy journal entry about the subject that I never posted. Such subjects have probably been those I've changed my mind the most about this year during recent seasons of my journey. Happiness and loneliness being the two that have evolved the most, I think.

In regard to happiness, my most recent thoughts are that I have found the most happiness when I stopped pursuing it...LOL It isn't that I'm simply choosing happiness. It's as if it was trying to keep up with me as I was looking for it. I was running so fast that happiness couldn't keep up with me and I was looking in all the wrong places. And all I needed to do was stop to allow it to catch up...hehehe And catch up it did! I'm not really even trying to be happy. I'm just...happy. Cool, eh?!?

## Beetle Train

This reminds me of the beetle train Cherie was talking about yesterday. All of these little beetles are connected and drawing me away from Jesus. But if I look back, there is Jesus with open arms letting me know He is always there. I just need to refocus on Him and not allow the beetle train to carry me away.

Of course, I'm not stating this so eloquently as she did and it may not be exactly what she meant in the moment. But we often take away different thoughts and messages when we think about what others say to us. *We* being anyone...not just Cherie and I. And every time we think about what we've said or heard, we may find new meanings. That's one of the other reasons I'm enjoying re-reading my past journal entries...hehehe

## Judgemental, or Discerning?

I'm often hard on myself. I sometimes write about that here. I sometimes write about it my devotional journal. I think some of that is left over from those past years. I won't rehash that today. But I'm finding myself being far less hard on myself now. It's helping me be more honest with myself, not having such negative thoughts about how I thought I was. Self-judgement, you know?

In yesterday's devotional, I realized I have been quite judgement about today's modern church. Since Cherie and I had a face-to-face call and went through the devotional in real-time, I didn't share my journal directly with her. But I did read verbatim some of my thoughts. So, she posed the question of *[am I] being judgemental or just discerning?*

I appreciate her questions. They are out of curiosity and for clarification. They also allow me to truly think about what I believe or think. This particular question stood out to me yesterday. And I was able to answer it with confidence. I wasn't being hard on myself with this one. I truly believe there was judgement in my heart.

Today's church is what it is. I have drawn parallels to the modern church and the religion of Jesus' time. I might be right. I might be wrong. It's perfectly fine to have my opinions and thoughts. The opinions and thoughts aren't what my sin. How I feel about those thoughts and opinions, however, are where I have identified sin in my heart.

In my heart, I was truly judging the church. But I'm not the judge. Only God can do that. The church needs Jesus just as much as I do. I think leaving the physical church was more than being about how the church was drawing me away from God. It could also be that my heart was being hardened by my own feelings toward the church. And I needed to walk away so that I could allow God to soften my heart again.

Being open and honest about that sin was freeing. *The truth will set you free* is more than just a clever statement or simply something Jesus Himself said. It is very much a living experiencing in my own life. None of my sins would be considered bad in human terms. The scale I use is based on what Jesus said about such things as *if you hate a person in your heart, it is like you've murdered them* or *if you lust after someone, you've committed adultery in your heart*. And again, I'm not being hard on myself this time as that's His scale and not mine...hehehe I'm just glad it is a freeing experience to confess such a sin to another believer.

Now, I feel like I can finally move forward having learned from this experience. Now, I can focus on the discernment of finding God's truth in the church today and weed out the false doctrines that can also be found in today's church.



Religion and relationship...turns out I am religious...