# TBD

Back to work today...hehehe The day went well. I don't mind holidays in my work schedule. I tend to be able to pick up right where I left off. I do have times when I'm not sure what day of the week it is. But holidays rarely throw me off anymore. I've been mentally aware that today is, in fact, Tuesday...LOL

Last week, I began implementing a schedule change. I believe I mentioned I moved my devotional time back to the start of the day. As a result, I moved my work start time to 9am. To keep with a stop time of 5pm, I skipped my lunch hour last week. Well, this week, I'm adding the lunch hour back and will extend the stop time to 6pm. Today is the first day for that. So far, I'd say I really like this work schedule. It fits better with my sleep schedule.

Last night, I was extremely tired earlier that usually. I was dozing...hehehe So I decided to go to bed early. I got a lot of sleep last night. Apple Health shows that I got 7 hours, 24 minutes of sleep. That sounds about right. I think I should listen to my body on this one...hehehe *Forcing* myself to stay up to a specific time might not be the healthiest choice. I should stick as close to a bedtime as I can. But sometimes, it would be good for my head to hit the pillow earlier if it needs.

I got to run with a puppy tonight...hehehe I had seen this dog a few times before. She was barking at me as I approached the neighborhood bark park...hehehe Her momma apologized for the barking and I told her it wasn't a problem. I then looked at the pup and asked her if she wanted to run...LOL So we ran down the fence line both directions. Her momma thanked me...hehehe

On my next pass around the pond, the pup saw me coming but her momma was leashing her. Momma looked up, saw me too, and proceeded to unleash her and sat back down on the chair in the bark park. When I got to the fence, I pointed down the way and the pup and I ran again. This time we went back and forth a few extra times. One of the times I even ran backward...LOL

Once the running was over, I told momma that the puppy was so pretty. She was wearing tiny little pink bows on her ears...hehehe So adorable!!! Momma then told me that puppy's name is Lavender <3 I said that's the scent of my new laundry soap...hehehe I introduced myself and momma replied that her name is Autumn. We agreed it was nice to meet one another and she thanked me for my kindness.

