# TBD

One of the *many* themes for my year has been how *things* either draw me closer or farther away from God. Those that draw me away, I like to cut out. Those that draw me closer, I like to lean more into. Doing my *Bible in a Year* reading and my *daily devotional* with Cherie have been Godsends. I truly feel Blessed by those *things*. In contrast, I had to cut out going to physical church in July because it felt as if I was being pulled away from God; which is weird and a bit scary...hehehe Doing weekly church at home *virtually* as made a huge difference for my heart.

While on one of my walks this morning, I had a new thought about these *things* that draw me closer or farther from God. The *things* that draw me to Him are typically something in this world. It could be something He created. Or it could be something created by people for God. Likewise, the *things* that draw me away are typically something in the world as well. What if I'm looking at this all wrong? The *highlight* words in this paragraph are how the *things* are of the *world*, with the exception of the *Bible*. But even the Bible is technically something written by people who were inspired by God.

It dawned on me what should be drawing me to God are His *attributes*. His *loving kindness* and *goodness* come to mind immediately. Who He truly is should be what draws me to Him, right?!? I'm not saying that reading the Word or doing a devotional shouldn't also draw me to Him. After all, everything should ultimately point to God...hehehe However, relying on the *things* of the world solely can be influenced by how I feel or what circumstances I'm facing. Whereas, relying on His *attributes* transcends literally everything.

God *never* changes. He remains the *same* regardless of the state of our world or the circumstances I find myself in. Since the world around me is forever in flux, I'm thinking I shouldn't be so focused on what things of the world are drawing me to or from God. If I were to be more focused on Him and His *attributes*, everything can point to God and nothing can draw me away. My Bible reading, devotional time, worship, and working as if working for the Lord will all be a reflection of how God draws me to Himself through Who He is. At least, that is what I'm wondering today.

It seems, up to this point, I have done all of those things in order to draw closer to Him. I don't really see that as a problem, actually. The thought that popped up in my head is that perhaps it is better to first focus on His goodness, faithfulness, loving kindness, grace, mercy, and ultimately His truth. Drawing nearer and nearer to Him for *Him*. And then allow all of the *things* to support and reflect Who He is. In doing so, will this further prevent me from being drawn away from Him? If I'm seeking Him first, will I be able to do such things as return to physical church without it distracting me?

These are all just thoughts at this point. I really do not know why I think and feel the way I do about *things*. I don't feel the way I've been doing any of this is wrong. As long as I'm in a relationship with God, I'm probably doing really well. I do a lot of praying and thinking on my walks...hehehe Sometimes, it yields new and exciting paths along my journey. Other times, I end up on a tangent of nonsense...LOL The condition of my heart is what concerns me most on this journey. It hasn't always been in the best condition. I'm doing so well right now, though, that I'm exploring ways to continue to grow. That's really all this is about.