# TBD

I didn't really feel like writing today...hehehe But here I am, writing...LOL I don't have a lot to say. That's okay. Sometimes I wonder if I should write *something* every day. I've also given thought to doing the occasional timestamp entry again. I always enjoyed doing that. But I stopped because I didn't want it to become such a habit that I'd stop enjoying it...hehehe

Today is the twenty-third anniversary of the tragedies of Pennsylvania, Washington DC, and New York City. This is the first year I did not go through my memorial routine I typically do on this anniversary. I decided it was time to somewhat let that go. I'll never forget what happened and the tragic loss of life. I just don't want to be stuck in the past. I see nothing wrong with memorializing such events. I'm not at all saying I never want to memorialize today. I just felt stuck. And I wanted to break out of my funk.

Yeah, I've been in a small funk lately. Nothing bad, though. Fortunately I have some amazing things in my life keeping me from staying stuck...hehehe One of the fun things I've been doing lately are little songs in a fun voice I'm doing for a character Cherie created named Budford...hehehe The voice began as an attempt to sing *Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow* in a way that sounded like an old AM radio broadcast from yesteryear. I sent her a recording of my singing it and she responded that it was Budford's voice <3 I've been singing various other songs ever since. The collection is growing...hehehe

Work is going well. I've been a little more productive lately. Although I can't talk about most of what I'm doing at work, I can mention this latest task. I'm working on automating the build and release pipelines for the apps I manage. I recently inherited a set of apps that had always been built and deployed manually. As part of the transition to move the apps to the new company, we wanted to take the opportunity to automate all of that moving forward. It has been a fun little project.

