# TBD

## 8:00am

Good morning...hehehe

It has already been an interesting morning. I went to bed around 1am and woke a little before 6am...LOL I woke up praying again today. That happens sometimes. It starts as a dream and then becomes an intentional prayer as I'm waking up. I cannot really say I understand how that happens. But I can say that I'm very grateful for it. It is such a wonderful way to wake up!

I physically got up shortly after. I was able to do my daily devotional and prayer walk early as a result. And was able to begin my work day early as well. I'm taking this short break to start another timestamp journal entry. It felt right to do this again today considering the oddness of having very little sleep and the manor by which I woke today. It seems as though something amazing may happen again today.

Honestly, though, every day can be amazing if I simply find Jesus in everything. I don't mean that passively, of course. I genuinely mean this. Having such focus on Him lately has been life changing!

By the way, today is my *workiversary*!!! I started with my previous company on this day in 2021. I had been a contractor before that from June of 2020 until September 2021. So, I've been with the company for 4 years, technically. I've been an employee for 3. When I transitioned to the new company in July, they transferred the start day and tenure as part of the contract. I'm basically back to being a contractor without having lost the years of service for HR purposes. Pretty cool, eh?!

## 10:15am

I had left over Bulgogi fried rice for breakfast...LOL I was super hungry when I woke up today. I am out of sourdough for toast. So, I went with what I had. It was basically steak and eggs with vegetables and rice. And it sure was tasty!

I got a late start on my coffee today. Actually, I almost skipped it altogether. Which is really weird considering how little sleep I got last night...hehehe I suppose I must have had enough sleep to not feel tired today. I count that as a win!

I sent my grandmother the videos of It's a Small World I took last night. That is her favorite attraction at Magic Kingdom. 75% of the reason I ride it is for her. The other 25% is nostalgia...LOL I can't wait to see the original at Disneyland in November.

I need to remember to ask her if she has ever ridden it there. Although they lived near Disneyland for a few years, the park was pretty new and I'm not sure if they ever actually went. It's my understanding their house was pretty close. I think they may even have been able to see Disneyland from their property. I've thought about driving by the house to see it...hehehe Actually, I wonder if the park was finished by the time they moved back to Indiana...hmmm...questions to ask grandma! LOL

## 11:45am

Should I mention where I am at right now!? Is it Disney World? Is it Zen? Either one would be an easy guess...LOL Also an indication I might be addicted both. Well, I'll go ahead and tell ya...hehehe I'm at Zen again. And I'll likely have lunch here again tomorrow. I confirmed they source wholesome ingredients.

I spoke with grandma. Yes, they visited Disneyland when it first opened and before they moved back to Indiana. No, she has never ridden the original It's a Small World. The original attraction didn't open until long after they left California. And she never made it back to Disneyland. I'll be sure to take some videos and send them to her when I go in November.

It has been fun talking to her about her time in California. Had I not gone to Magic Kingdom last night, and had I not been journaling today, I might not have asked her those questions. Had I not gone to California in July, I might never have known her and grandpa danced at the pier. Nostalgia is a beautiful thing. And it is helping her reminisce while I learn more about her and her life <3

## 12:45pm

I just met a tattoo artist from the local area. She's pretty good. It got me thinking about how I was going to get a tattoo or two myself. I'm still not sure that is something I want to do. In my third marriage, we were going to get *matching* tattoos. Not truly matching. It was more of a matching theme. Once our marriage ended, I was glad I never did that...LOL Then the option came up again with the *crew* I did the Starcruiser experience with last year. We never got around to getting matching tattoos either.

My grandfather had a tattoo he got while in the Navy. I think he regretted it later in life. He never did get it removed, though. Perhaps today was a reminder I shouldn't get my skin permanently marked up like that. Every opportunity I've had to get one never worked out. I've paid for tattoos and know they are expensive when they are good. The artist I met today is really good. But again, perhaps today's meeting is the reminder I needed to finally decide to never do that. I see nothing wrong with it. But I don't think it is something I see myself doing now.

It's funny to see how my interests have changed over the years. Some have been influenced by friends and family I spend a lot of time with. Right now, doing so many things solo, I'm beginning to see what truly interests me. Things like what I did last night are very much me...hehehe I mentioned my adventure to Stephanie (from Zen) and she was surprised I would do something like that. She is only just now getting to know me...hehehe It was an opportunity to talk about something that interests me. And it gave me the opportunity to help me think about how I feel about it. Yes, I'll happily go to Magic Kingdom for a random evening just to get a hotdog and fries...LOL And yes, I'll share my experience with people I love...hehehe That's who I am.

That reminds me, I sent the photo of the castle to my mom. Cinderella is her favorite Disney princess. So, I always send her a castle photo when I go to Magic Kingdom. In that photo, I framed it in such a way it looked like Walt Disney (from the partner's statue) was waving to the camera. In her response, she mentioned he was waving at her...hehehe Plus, I sent those videos of Small World to my grandma. Yes, what I did last night is very much who I am <3

Ooh! I'm working on a new 4x4 inch mini painting for my mom. It is a Cinderella painting. I made her a Gus Gus one a while ago. Gus from Cinderella is one of her favorites too. He's one of the little mice...hehehe She still proudly displays it in her living room. My dad still proudly displays a Batman painting I made for him. But back to the Cinderella one I'm currently working on. I'm really excited about it. I hope to get it finished before their up coming trip. That way she can take it home with her. Perhaps that is one of the projects I can work on at Zen...LOL

## 2:15pm

At work, it is Positive Thinking Day. Seems like a holiday I made up...LOL As it turns out, after a quick Internet search, it is apparently one of those *national day* holidays. It originated in 2003, I guess?

I received a wonderful video message from Cherie today. I won't go into why it was so wonderful for me. I think she knows...hehehe But I also got to spend some time with Stephanie from Zen. It was a few things from my day that bring some positivity to my life. I love the positive things in my life <3

I was also able to do a few random acts of kindness. Although I posted about the first two things, I did not mentioned the random acts of kindness. So, I'm writing up it here since it isn't about me. There is something we have at work where we are able to give each other some kudos each month. The points we are able to give each other add up to receiving cash prizes. This is something new to me with my new company.

With today being Positive Thinking Day and my *workiversary*, I decided I would randomly select two people from the company to send my point allotment to...hehehe I have no idea who they are. But I hope they enjoy the points I sent them today <3

## 3:30pm

I was thinking about how often I've been going to Zen lately. I'm not addicted. I'm realizing how short my time is here...hehehe In the back of my mind, I'm trying to get in as much of the place as possible because I have such a short amount of time left to enjoy it.

I'm not entirely certain yet where I'll be next year. I just know it won't be here.

I'd like to revisit something I said earlier about going to Magic Kingdom last night. That statement wasn't specific to Magic Kingdom, or Walt Disney World in general. It is more of a statement of not concerning myself with such things as the drive it takes to do those things. It is more about how I'm willing to forego a little inconvenience to do something I truly love. Or to be with people I truly love.

My trip to Indiana in June was all about doing something for people I love. I wanted to celebrate my son. And I wanted to see my grandmother. That's the only reason I did that trip. It may seem obvious because that is family. But as I've stated before, I don't adhere to the *blood is thinker than water* mindset. I truly love my son and grandmother. I don't do those things out of obligation.

I don't go to Zen out of obligation. I truly enjoy spending time with the folks there. The food is fantastic. But it's the people that keep me going back. Walt Disney World is amazing. But there again, what I love most is seeing people enjoy the magic that is Disney. Last night, I denied the offer to receive a free Lightning Lane pass. Had there not been a long line of people behind me, I would have likely shared with the Cast that I was there to enjoy them and the other guests. It wasn't about doing the attractions. I disguise my joy behind the craving of a hotdog and fries...LOL So full disclosure: As much as I was craving Casey’s, I wanted to enjoy seeing the Cast and other guests enjoying the magic of Disney °o° No hotdog or fries are worth 4 hours on the road (2 hours each way). But enjoying absorbing positive energy from others is well worth it <3

