# Don't Worry

Today's lesson from *The Chosen* devotional (book 4, day 25) hits home for me. This isn't the first time these devotionals have talked about worry. But each time, they provide a different perspective. My handwritten journal for today was brief. As I reflected on the devotional, I decided I would keep those notes brief this time. I think I may have too much to say about it than what I could physically write on paper...LOL I hope to document more of my thoughts here in my online journal over time. It's far easier for me to type than to handwrite...hehehe

I've spent a good deal of my life worrying. One of my weaknesses has been imagining worst-case scenarios or dwelling on all the what-ifs that could happen. I play these scenarios out in my mind over and over. I start to see alternate scenarios spin off from those and it can go on and on. I've spiralled out of control a few times and had panic attacks. I spent years in and out of the hospital. And I've been on countless medications.

There are those in my life who do not suffer anxiety. They don't even worry, really. And they say things like *don't worry*, as if I can simply turn it off...LOL That can feel dismissive. I feel invalidated when I'm not shown compassion. I think that may be why I am so sensitive to others' anxieties, worries, doubts, concerns, and fears. I can listen to them all day long and I'll pray for them. I'll sometimes offer up some advice that has helped me. That can be tough sometimes, though. Sometimes, they just need someone to listen. It can be difficult to know if they are seeking advice, comfort, or just a listening ear and a warm hug.

I no longer suffer these things now and I'm no longer being treated for any of it through professional help or medications. I still have worry, doubts, anxieties, concerns, and fears. They just no longer control me. They typically lead me to prayer now. But I stress that the *suffering* is gone. And those worst-case scenarios and what-ifs that play in my head no longer lead to racing thoughts.

What changed in my life to allow me to overcome worry? The obvious answer is Jesus. However, how He did it isn't so obvious. And it isn't so easy to explain. I'm not going to be able to do it justice, really. I do my best to write some of my thoughts in the hope it may help others. And I hope when I reread my journal someday, it will be good reminder. There are several journal entries that are related to this already. I often think and write about the various things God has taught me along my journey. *So, I was thinking...* is basically my telling of the story of the God who saved me...hehehe

Although there are some who say *don't worry*, the reality is there are more people telling us to worry than those telling us not to. A quick scroll on social media or a few minutes watching the news will reveal that so many are telling us what we *should* worry about. It also seems we will be judged if we don't worry about the things they worry about...LOL To make it worse, it seems people want us to dwell on our past and use that to be afraid of our future.

Facing my past has been a huge help in reducing worry and anxiety. For starters, nothing can change what happened. But I've learned that I can learn from it to change my future. I use to avoid triggers that reminded me of those events. Now I remind myself that I got through it. Also, I've realized that even when something happened more than once, that doesn't mean it will always happen. Instead of being afraid of it happening again, I can simply pay attention to the signs of the potential problems and look to God to redirect my path around repeating the past.

This actually takes a great deal of prayer. It also takes a great deal of focus on Jesus. Having fear isn't a lack of faith. It's simply a lack of focus. When I'm faced with a trigger now, I've trained my brain to go to prayer instead of the racing thoughts that took me to panic before.

With my focus on Jesus, it also helps me remember that God is my Provider. I've been on *food stamps*. I currently have a job that pays quite well. I've had more than one house. I've been *homeless*. (Note: not on the street homeless...kicked out and in need of shelter that wasn't my own.) I've had times of rationing food and times when I've had so much food I had to toss it out. I think you get the picture. But at no point was I without what I actually needed in the moment. I don't always have what I *want*. But I do always have what I *need*. There isn't anything about what I have that I can claim I provided it. Even my job is provided by God; along with the skills to do the job.

I believe I've mentioned this before. Part of my health journey, that began in January 2023, I decided it was time to face my past. As I stated above, it made a huge impact on reducing my worry and anxiety. That's because I was finally treating the underlying cause of it all instead of treating the symptoms. That took more than simply looking to Jesus and praying. Although prayer is what led to treating the causes. Not worrying or being anxious and praying for His Peace took the action of actually facing those causes.

That'll be different for everyone. No two people have the same exact root cause for their worry. But most often, it does require the same discipline. It required me to retrain my mind to look at my past from new perspectives. It also required me to see things for what they truly were. I could no longer just pass things off as *things just happen* or *that's just how people are* or *this is just how life is for me*.

I'm talking about these things from a very high level. I suppose I'm not quite ready to talk about the abuse I endured. I may never do so publicly anyway. I'm happy to answer questions or talk about it with those I can trust, though. The point of me writing what I am today is to somewhat get these things off my head as it was inspired in today's devotional.

In a compassionate way, Jesus was telling me my worry was futile. Why worry? He was reminding me that worry cannot impact my life in any fruitful way. And He was reminding me that bringing my worries to Him has made an impact on my life. He showed me that rather than being traumatized by my past, and anxious about my future, I can look for where He was through it all and how He is using it in my life today.

All of this reminded me of a few nasty things from my past. They were the sort of memories that would have previously triggered some anxiety and racing thought patterns. Since I've retrain my mind, I wasn't triggered to do anything else but pray again. I didn't pray about what happened. I gave thanks for Him delivering me from what happened and giving me the lessons to prevent such things in the future.

In my case, part of what I needed to do was forgive my abusers. I needed to forgive those who hurt me. And I needed to forgive myself. Forgiveness isn't for the other person's soul. Forgiveness is for our own soul. Once I began to forgive, not only did my heart begin to heal, so did my body.

I cannot scientifically prove this, but I honestly feel as though my body was impacted by all of the pain and resentment I was hording in my heart. Dealing with the root causes for my anxiety and worry seems to have freed my physical wellbeing to heal as well. As of now, I'm no longer on any of the medications I needed for my physical health. This, coupled with the aforementioned mental health treatments, I am free from all medications entirely.

Sure, diet and exercise played a role in the physical health improvements I've experienced...LOL Also, I'm not going to be so naive to believe I'll never need health treatments in the future.