# Journal Entry, Take Two

Happy Taco Tuesday!!! Have I mentioned I love tacos?!? LOL This week, I'm having a lot of tacos...hehehe I made some last night and tonight. I'll likely have them again the next two evenings as well. Tacos are one of those things that are so simple to make and they are so delicious...hehehe I could probably have tacos everyday...LOL

I had the blessing of running with Lavender tonight. She's one of the neighborhood puppies I run into from time to time. Her owners saw me walking and said, *There's your friend, Greg!* hehehe Lavender got really excited. As it turned out, they were headed to the Bark Park in my complex. So, the next five laps around the pond on my walk included some sprints back and forth down the fence line of the park.

I got some selfies with her this time. Autumn shared her appreciation that I run with her. I expressed my appreciation that she welcomes the fun. It is just as much fun for me as it is for Lavender...hehehe We can both use the cardio...LOL

I'm quite happy that I'm able to run. It has been a while since I've done a jog routine. I've continued walking most days. But I rarely get my heart rate up for a run. I've still got the ability! I may toss jogging back into my routine after how I felt tonight. Now that I'm eating breakfast again, I've noticed I have a lot more energy this week.

Today's devotional theme was *don't worry*. That wasn't the title, though...hehehe This devotional series has touched on this subject a few times I think. My handwritten journal was a bit brief. I had a lot more to say than what I wrote. So, I decided to write a journal entry to go along with it. I wrote quite a bit about it today. I've decided not to publish it yet. It got a little deep and needs more work to be complete.

I decided to start this journal entry over because of that...hehehe I wanted to be more casual. My queue of unpublished journal entries keeps getting larger...LOL That's okay. I'll eventually go back to all of those writings and see what I can work out later. I'd rather be casual this week.

I'm watching the Dodgers game right now. They are playing in Miami the next few evenings. It dawned on me that I could have planned to work from Miami this week and go to the games...LOL Even with the possibility of jury duty yesterday, I would have likely been able to make the trip to Miami. The games are in our evening here. So, I could have worked during the day and still be able to make it to the games. I wonder if the other two games will be available on TV in my area like it is tonight. I think it is since I'm picking it up tonight on the local network...hehehe The app does show the same broadcast info the next two days as it does tonight. Sadly, it is the Miami feed instead of the LA feed...LOL

I'm still learning how to make an omelet. I'm not sure why I have so much trouble with them. They turn out fine. But they never turn out like I want...hehehe It's one of the few things I cannot master. Funny thing is I've heard that *a chef is only as good as their omelet*. Yet, I'm able to make complex dishes with ease. Perhaps my problem is trying to take something simple and complicate it...LOL I'm not really doing anything complex to do it. I'm just unhappy with the results. It still serves its purpose. I suppose I should be happy about that...LOL They taste fine. It's okay...It's okay...LOL

I found out Jan and Sam have to leave the complex. The property owner decided not to allow them to renew. I won't go into the details here. I'll just say that I was sad about the news. It also makes me wonder if they'll decide not to allow me to renew next year. I'm likely moving anyway. But I wouldn't want to be forced to...LOL There are so few original tenants now. It's a new complex. So many of the original folks have already left. Rent keeps spiking. And some of the newer tenants aren't the nicest people. There are loud parties at apartments past midnight and the pool keeps attracting people who won't follow the rules...hehehe

Even before I heard that sad news about my neighbors, I was already thinking about how unhappy I actually am here. I think it was today, now that I think about it. I've written a few times that I *wasn't unhappy*. But today, I realized I'm just trying to convince myself to be happy. Yes, happiness is a choice. I was forcing it, though. I'm not happy...hehehe

I'm not really chasing after happiness for my move. Wherever I end up next year will likely feel like an adventure that first year. My first year here was amazing. It's just gradually worn on me and gotten worse. Next year may become a transition year anyway. I'm not sure I'll end up anywhere that I'll want to plant...LOL

Right now, this is the small list of states I'm considering in order: California, Florida, and Indiana. If I do Indiana again, it'll be back to near my hometown. I'd only do that to be close to family again. It is highly unlikely. It'll always be on the list...hehehe Just never likely...LOL Even though I'm okay being in Indiana again, I know I won't be happy. Florida is obviously about convenience since I live here now. But I'm also happy with Florida in general. California is the surprise one. I'm strongly drawn to California for some reason...LOL

Regardless if I remain in Florida or relocate to California, I don't know where in either yet. I'm receiving clarity in spirit about this, though. I believe I'll know the direction I'll be going before the end of the year. I'll need to give notice to my current complex in early March. I'd like to have chosen a new place by then so I can determine if I'll need to temporary do a month-to-month thing here for a month or two after my lease is complete. I'm hoping to be able to find a place I can move into in May, though. That's when my lease is up. If there is any gap between my current lease and a new place, I'll want to know by March for my notice.

Japan is still calling my name too...LOL But that's a completely different topic for another time...LOL

Despite my residential woes, I'm actually doing quite well. I'm not sure I've ever been as happy as I am right now. Even my apartment cannot ruin my mood lately...hehehe I've now lost track of how many good days in a row that I've had. Is it six now?!? LOL I think I said five yesterday. So, yep, getting close to a week now...hehehe

I'm considering allowing my hair to grow again...LOL I've been shaving my head since March or April of 2020. It began as a lock down experiment at the beginning of the pandemic. I loved it so much that I've been doing it ever since. Now that I've lost so much weight since the last time I had hair, I wonder what that'll look like...LOL Worst-case is I'll have to get my head buzzed back down to a shaveable state if I don't like having hair again. Then again, I may not do it at all and continue shaving forever...foreve...forev...fore...for...fo...f...forever!

The Dodgers lost :(