# TBD

Today is Timmy's birthday!!! Timmy is one of my neighbor's dog. I believe he turns 10 today? I wish dogs understood us celebrating them...hehehe But I also think it is great that they just live day to day. I could learn a lot from dogs...LOL I think I'll be looking for a dog toy this weekend to give him. I'd also like to get something for Lavender. But I still need to ask her owners if that is okay. I've already talked to Timmy's owners and they consented.

Today's devotional was on humility. Once again, very timely. I was humbled about something yesterday. It was something I somewhat mentioned in the first paragraph of yesterday's journal entry. It can really cause my heart to ache sometimes. But that's okay. It is part of the growth process. I don't always like the process. But I do love the results. My heart has transformed in ways I never would have imagined. These past six months have been especially heart transforming. Sometimes the process hurts. Not always. When I grow from the process, though, I have Peace.

My parents will be here late evening a week from today. They still haven't nailed down all they plan to do. They still need to talk to my sister. I honestly don't know how often they get to talk to her. I rarely get to talk to her myself. So, perhaps they have just as much trouble getting a hold of her as I do? I'm currently on a weekly cadence of calling our parents. So, we typically get these sort of things figured out quickly. Since my sister is involved, it isn't so easy...LOL Fortunately, my work is flexible enough for me to be able to plan, or change plans, last minute.

I'm hoping to get mom's painting finished this weekend. Last weekend, I finished the digital proof. I still haven't painted it on canvas. I also thought about going to Disney this weekend. The weather is supposed to be okay. I think it will be hot. But not peak hot. I haven't checked out this year's Food & Wine Festival yet. I'm not quite sure what I'll do this weekend...LOL I do want to visit Erica at Zen tomorrow. We'll see how I feel when I wake up tomorrow...LOL

Tomorrow is the best day to go to Disney. I sometimes wish I could work on Saturdays so I could go to Disney on a weekday instead, though. Sunday isn't typically a good day for me to go. That leaves just Saturdays as the *best* day...LOL Which is a common *best* day. I'm not really sure how busy the parks are these days. When I went on a Thursday night a few weeks ago, it wasn't busy. Weekends might be different...hehehe Social media isn't the best gauge for how busy the parks are. I've been there on days when I saw bloggers talking about how busy it is and posting photos of crowds...yet I was there too and had low wait times and didn't see any crowds whatsoever...LOL

I've been having some interesting dreams lately. Nothing I've been writing down when I wake up. But interesting enough to wonder what it might be an indication of. Dreams don't always mean something. But sometimes they do. I've been cutting off my food and drink consumption early enough that it shouldn't be impacting my sleep in a negative way. It could just be some of the things I'm dealing with? I've never kept a dream journal. Perhaps I should start a dream journal and see if I see a pattern?

I've been enjoying the increase in responsibilities at work. I enjoy being busy. I even enjoy busy work...LOL I've had so many times in this job in the past when I didn't have a lot to do. There is always *something* I'm doing. It just didn't always feel all that busy...hehehe

After my afternoon one mile walk, I think I'm not going to Disney tomorrow. It actually is hot. It isn't unbearable or anything. It just isn't worth being outside on concrete most of the day...LOL When it is hot, the parks are that much hotter. The day I went for Corban's birthday was a really nice day. It wasn't hot and the humidity was pretty low. I'm looking forward to those days again. Hopefully soon. I may change my mind again by morning. The evening looks like it might be nice. So, perhaps a mid-day arrival and stay through the evening? LOL

I've only been out on the water once this year. Have I talked about this before? I don't miss the water. I do enjoy the water. It just isn't anything I feel motivated to do anymore. I still go by the sea as much as I can. I am motivated to see the water. I just don't go out on it. It's weird how my interests keep shifting...LOL

My new book on prayer just arrived...let's see how it looks!

