# 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting - 2025 Day 1

Today is the dawn of this year's 21 days of prayer and fasting. It will be a little different this year. I'm not following along with theChapel this time. However, I wanted to keep the tradition alive in my life. I'll not be doing this with anyone else this year. Well, there is One I'll be with. God continues to be with me at all times...hehehe As I pray and fast these 21 days, I will draw nearer to Him as He draws nearer to me. *Thank you Father, for the gift of prayer. Thank you for the gift of salvation. Thank you for being with me always. It is with gratitude and in Your Name I pray...AMEN!*

*Father in Heaven, I ask that You teach me to pray. Jesus, please come along side me and help me to pray. I want prayer to go from the habit it is today, to a lifestyle where prayer is my first response to all circumstances and choices I face. Please help me to pray anywhere and at anytime.*

*LORD, lead me to a church that I can pray for and pray with. I long for a community to be a part of that is working for Your Kingdom. I know there isn't a perfect church. Help me not to give up on today's church as You have not given up on me. I know there is a place where I belong. Guide my steps as I search for the church You are preparing my heart for.*

*Holy Spirit, I pray that the pastor of the church you lead me to is full of Your Spirit. I pray for them and their family today. I do not yet know them. But You already do. Please bless them and keep them. May their time spent with You influence the way they lead Your church.*

*In Your Name, AMEN!*

This prayer was featured in my blog on [January 05, 2025](/blog/2025/01/05_dawn) and is part of [21 Days of Prayer and Fasting - 2025](./21-days).