# 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting - 2025 Day 3

Today's prayer focus is on how God is revealing Himself to those He has chosen. I am one He is revealing Himself to. As I continue to ask Him to show me more of Himself so that I can know Him more, He has been pouring out into my daily prayers and time in the Word new things everyday. I suppose this is one of the reasons I had a desire to continuing doing a *Bible in a Year* plan this year. And to continue doing a season of praying and fasting to begin the year even though I'm no longer attending the church where I began this practice. He is revealing Himself to me and establishing that this is a relationship between He and I. A two way spiritual relationship.

*Father God in Heaven, I thank you today! You are the creator of all things. You know all things and are in control of it all. And You have chosen to reveal Yourself to me in new ways each day. I praise You for revealing Yourself to me yesterday, today, and forever. Thank You so much for helping me know You more. You did not have to do this. Yet, You did it anyway! THANK YOU!*

*As I wait on and hope in You for the church community You want me to be a part of, I further thank and praise You for revealing Yourself and Your perfect Will to the imperfect church I'm going to be going to someday. Please remind us daily of who You are and that You are our Provider. Help us to know what it means to take up Your yoke as You help carry the burdens of the church.*

*I lay at Your feet the pastor of that church and his family. Reveal to him Your Will and help him to love You with all his heart, soul, mind, and strength. Help him to love others as he loves himself. Guide and direct Him on the path You have chosen for him. Please bless his family everyday.*

*I thank you, Lord, for allowing me to come to You today in prayer. It is with thanksgiving and gratitude in my heart, and in Your Name, I pray. AMEN!*

This prayer was featured in my blog on [January 07, 2025](/blog/2025/01/07_god-revealed-in-the-journey) and is part of [21 Days of Prayer and Fasting - 2025](./21-days).