# 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting - 2025 Day 6

Today's prayer focus is about faith. Specifically, asking for God's strength in helping our faith to not fail. We ourselves will fail from time to time. That's different than our faith failing. In Luke 22:31-32, Jesus told Peter that He had prayed that Peter's faith may not fail. This was just before Jesus also told Peter that he would deny Him three times before the rooster crowed. But He went further and told Peter that *when* he turned back, to strengthen his brothers (looking ahead, it appears strengthening others is tomorrow's focus). So, although Peter would fail, Jesus knew that his faith would not and that he would return to it.

The prayer for today is one for asking God's strength and Spirit to keep us faithful through our circumstances and failures. There is a lot going on in all our lives. And there is a lot to distract us. One of the fruit of the Spirit is faithfulness. With God's strength and guidance, we too can remain faithful. Praise the Lord that He prayed such a prayer to show us that we can pray the same over others and ourselves.

*Father in Heaven, thank You that I can come before You today. Thank You for this prayer that You prayed over Peter. Lord, I pray that when I fail, You give me strength so that my faith may not fail too. I am a sinner unworthy of even speaking to You. But Your mercies allow me to come to You today. My faith and trust is in the One You sent, Jesus! In the same Spirit of the prayer You prayed over Peter, I too ask for Your strength. Help me to always turn back to You in faith when I fail and when my circumstances overcome me.*

*As I wait and hope in You for the church You are leading me to, I lift up that church to You. Please be their strength that their faith will not fail. Struggles happen all the time in Your church. Part of my testimony includes such struggles. But with Your strength, the church's faith can be strengthened so that it may not fail. Please guide and direct this church on the path You created for it. Help it remain faithful to You and the community in which it is planted.*

*In the same way, please hold up the pastor and his family. They carry a great burden as leaders of the church. It would be tempting to allow the struggles of everyday life, plus the struggles of the church, to consume him. I pray that his faith may not fail in all of the trials and tribulations he faces. And when he does fail, I pray for Your strength that he will return and strengthen the church.*

*Thank You, again, that I can come before You today and everyday. I love You, Lord! With gratitude, and in Your Name, I pray. AMEN!*

This prayer was featured in my blog on [January 10, 2025](/blog/2025/01/10_faith-dont-fail-me-now) and is part of [21 Days of Prayer and Fasting - 2025](./21-days).