# 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting - 2025 Day 18

Today's prayer focus is for praying *protection* over those who hear the message of Hope that I share. Whether it is a direct conversation about salvation, or simply inspiring others by my testimony. This focus comes from John 17:13-19. Jesus knew He would be leaving the world. But He also knew His followers would remain. He wasn't asking God to remove us from the world, or our circumstances. He asked for God's protection over us while we remain in the world and go through all of the troubles it brings to our lives.

*Father, thank You for Your protection over me. I ask for the same protect to be over all those who hear the message You pass through me. I have Hope in You. And as they place their Hope in You as well, this world will find a way to harm them. Please grant them the Blessing of Your favor and protection over their hearts, souls, and minds.*

*LORD, the church makes an impact in this world. As it continues to spread Your message of Hope and Light in a world of darkness, I pray that all those who hear the message will also be protected. As You send Your church into this world, I pray for their protection as well.*

*God, please be with the pastors and all those who hear Your message through them. As people come to believe in You through the pastors, please grant Your favor and protection over the hearts, souls, and minds of all the people who come to You.*

*This world is painful. Our lives are in Your hands. There is evil all around us. LORD, please protect us. Please give us Your strength to endure the troubles of this life. I pray this in Your Name, AMEN!*