# 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting - 2025 Day 19

Today's prayer focus comes for John 17:20-23, where Jesus is praying for all future believers after His disciples. That includes you and me! But it also includes everyone after us too. Those who hear our message. And then those who hear their message. And so on.

For about 15 years, I've had this philosophy that everything I do, especially at my job, makes an impact on everyone currently living and everyone who will end up living. That's a lot of people! But why do I feel that way? Simply put, if I don't do my job, there are other people who can't do their job. And if they can't do theirs, other people will not be able to do their jobs. And so on.

This trickling effect ends up spreading to everyone around the world. Good or bad, all of us make an impact on the entire world. That's because this isn't limited to just doing our jobs. Everything we buy, every smile, every wave, and even every bad thing we do, impacts those around us. And in turn, their responses and reactions impact everyone around them.

So, the same is true with sharing our faith. It's important to share our faith. Someone shared theirs with us. Very few people today come to know Jesus simply by existing. In most cases, someone has told someone else about Him. And once they believed, they in turned shared it with someone else. The trickling effect ends up spreading. That's a pretty amazing responsibility!

In a world full of messages of self centeredness, there is one message that resonates an *other* centeredness. The message of Faith, Hope, and Love. The greatest of these, of course, is Love. God's Love and the gift of salvation. It really isn't about *me*. It is about *us*. All of us. And the God who saves us. Everything we do, every time we pray, everything...points *everyone* to Him. And today, my focus is on praying for all those who *will* believe someday.

*Father, I pray for all of those who will believe in You because of my sharing Your message of Faith, Hope, and Love. Not just those who directly hear this from You through me. But also all of those who will hear it from them and pass it along. And then to the next. And so on, until Your Kingdom.*

*LORD, I pray for all of those who will hear Your message through the church. May Your message spread through all of the communities that the church impacts today and everyday forward. I lift up all those who will believe in You because of their message. That all will be united with You now and at the end of the age.*

*God, I pray for all of those who will listen to our pastors' messages and believe in the One You sent to save the world. I pray the message is a beacon of Light into this world of darkness. And I pray for all who follow that Light. May they find safety in Your loving embrace.*

*Father, thank You for my parents who brought me to church the week I was born into this world. Thank You for the message I heard time and again as a child. Although it took me about 20 years to truly hear it, and another 22 and half years to finally listen, I'm grateful for Your salvation. In Your Name I pray, AMEN!*