# 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting - 2025 Day 20

The prayer focus for today concludes Jesus' longest prayer. It comes from John 17:20-26. There is some overlap from yesterday's focus about praying for future believers. With that, and the following verses, Jesus is asking that the Father unite us all as one as He and the Father are One. And that by doing so, we will know God's love.

If we are united as one with the One, and we are Loved by the One, we too should love one another. In fact, Jesus says to love one another and that the world would know we are His disciples by our love for one another (John 13:34-35). So, that will be my prayer focus for today. That we will know God's Love, that we will be united in the One and His Love, and that we would love one another through that unity.

*Father, thank You for loving me. Thank You for Your Holy Spirit living in me that I can be one with You. Help me to know You love me and to know You more. Help me to be united with my brothers and sisters in Christ. Help me to love them as You Love them.*

*LORD, thank You for loving the church. Thank You for Your Holy Spirit living in Your church today that we can be one with You. Help us to know You love us and to know You more. Help us to be united with each other and with You. Help us to love one another as You Love us.*

*God, thank You for loving the pastors. Thank You for Your Holy Spirit living in them that they can be one with You. Help them to know You love them and for them to know You more. Help them to be united with their brothers and sisters in Christ. Help them to love us all as You Love us all.*

*Let us be a people who are one for all and all with the One. Fill us with Your Love so we can pour out Your Love into the world. In Jesus' Name, AMEN!*