# TBD

Three days into the new year and I've journaled each day. Will I journal every day this year? I don't know. It wasn't one of my resolutions...LOL But it was a goal, like last year, to journal as often as inspired.

Although I am not putting timestamps to this, I have been writing throughout the day these last few days. That would be why I sometimes jump to a completely different topic suddenly...hehehe

After my morning prayer, I took a walk. I had missed getting outside so early in the morning. Well, not so early. But before work. I don't recall the last time I took my first walk before work. I was able to see what I call the sunrise. It technically isn't the actual sunrise because there are too many things around here to block it. But just as the sun is rising above the nearby mall, I see a beautiful sight. It was great to see that today. It had been far too long.

I feel completely different now than I did on Tuesday. It is as if the new year started was a switched that got flipped. I'm not sure I can explain it well today. But perhaps, as the year progresses, my journal will reflect what I feel. Of course, things rarely happen overnight. It is actually something that had begun after my California trip in November. But ringing in the new year has made a noticeable change in my spirit. It was as if all that happened between November 10th and December 31st was preparing me for January 1st, 2025.

In a way, I have been training myself for things like this for quite a while. A few years ago, I had gotten tired of messing up the year when I wrote out dates on things. To fix that, I would start using the next year's numbered year for certain things. I would still use the current year when applying actual dates to things. But I would use the next year for random stuff. What would then happen is I would use the correct year on January 1st. Once again, that worked this year...hehehe

These past few years, I've been doing something similar going into each new year. If I had some goals for the new year, I would actually begin working on them the last quarter of the current year. The 2023 into 2024 example would be how I start my day with God. I began that in October 2023. That has now continued to this day. Going from 2024 into this year, one of my major goals was to eat at home more often and to wash my dishes by hand most of the time. I began that process in November and it has now continued into 2025. So far, so good...LOL

I admire those who can dive into things. I'm one who needs to gradually transition into things. I've had to dive into things from time to time in my life. It's a little scary. My preference is to make small sustainable changes, though. If I dive in, sometimes I quickly burn out. I'm more like a kerosene lamp with a wick. Slowly burning and providing just enough light to get through the night...LOL If I were jet fuel, I'll be more like a missile that destroys the target upon impact...LOL Not a great analogy...but you get the picture...slow burning light vs total mess and destruction...LOL

I looked at the temperature before my lunch walk and decided I needed a jacket. When I stepped outside, it felt much warmer than I expected. I quickly took the jacket back inside. When the sun is shining as brightly as it is today, it feels so much warmer than what the thermometer says. In the shade, it is very much what it says...LOL Since I was mostly in the sun, a jacket was not needed.

Days like this are nice. It was brisk in the morning, warmish in the afternoon, and it'll be brisk again this evening. We have a few days of this now and then again in a week. It will be near freezing next Friday if the forecast holds true. When I first moved here, I didn't like the idea of cold days...LOL Now that I've been here for 3 years, I enjoy all the weather. All of it has made me appreciate the weather I have here now, and what I had in Indiana before moving here.

I've been taking various video clips today. I may compile them into a video journal of sorts at the end of the day and link it in this entry. If I don't, at least we'll know I thought about it...LOL When I first thought about video journaling going into the new year, I felt like I wanted to be purposeful with it. Yeah, I'd rather just be casual. If I want to remember something I took a video of, I'll toss it in the compilation. If not, I won't...LOL And as far as edits, I'll just trim things. The point of the videos are two fold: 1) To record sights and sounds from the day. 2) Grab some photos; one of which will become the photo of the day.

My sleep tracker says I got another 7 and half hours of sleep last night. I think it was closer to 8. I had several dreams and a few trips to the bathroom through the night. Overall, I rested well. I woke up feeling more energetic than yesterday and I'm not really dragging today. I feel a little tired still. But I'm doing really well today compared to the drowsiness I experienced yesterday.

