# TBD

## Growth Opportunities

*Be careful what you wish for!* Or the Christian way to say it, *Be careful what you pray for!* LOL

I suppose the saying may come from the experience that if you don't really know what you are praying for, you might not like what the answer will be. As I get to know God more, I've come to realize I love the answer regardless if I understand what I'm praying for or if it is an answer I expected. I don't always love how I feel about it. But God is showing me His love from new perspectives. He is changing how I learn how to feel about these things. Which, in turn, changes how I actually feel.

As I continued to see the changes occurring in my heart last year, I began to pray differently. I had already gotten into the practice of making sure I didn't ask God to remove my circumstances, or remove me from them. But I took it a step further. I wanted to know Him more. And I wanted to know how to be more like Him. The result seems to be that I've had numerous opportunities to be like Him...You know...loving, joyful, patient, kind, good, faithful, gentle, and self-controlled.

I missed some of those opportunities during this process so far. I imagine I'll miss more in the future. I still have to deal with the fact I'm a broken, sinful man. I am hopeful that, as I continue to be given these opportunities, I'll continue to grow closer to God and be more like Him as my time on earth continues. Today, I'll embrace the opportunities I've already been given yet this morning and bring to God my brokenness. It's only 10:30am and I've already experienced something that would fall under the *Be careful what you pray for* category...LOL Which, of course, prompted me to write this...hehehe

## Sleep Update

I achieved another 7 and half hours of sleep last night. I'm not so sure I needed that much. I began waking before that and dozed back off. I recall making a conscious decision to remain in bed...LOL I still think my *need* is 6 to 6 and half hours. That has been my average for quite some time. And overall, I've been sleeping great for nearly 3 years now. My sleep hours have ebbed and flowed a bit over the course of that time. Tonight, I think I'll see about bringing it back down to at least 7 hours.

Sleep eluded me most of my life. It began in my teenage years and carried on through the end of 2021. That's a really long time. I'm sure others have suffered this far longer than I have, though. I can't say that I know how it began. But I do know why it happened in my adult years. I never felt safe in my home. That's a really sad thought. I wonder how many other people feel so unsafe that they cannot rest? I carry them in a special place in my heart.

I'm grateful for the peace I have each night when I lie down. I don't always have peace when I wake up. I woke up peacefully today. Just not everyday...LOL I'm anxious right now (10:50am). I'm taking that to God. That's been my response for the past few years and has made a huge impact. God is so good! And He is the provider of my inner peace <3

## Questions Not Asked

I am full of questions...LOL I do ask quite a few. It helps me better understand things or to clarify my understanding in some ways. But there are several questions I do not ask. That's because I'm not ready for the answers. Some of the questions only God can answer. But there are also some that I would ask people. I'm more afraid of people than I am of God still. I'm working on that...LOL

I know God is loving and will always have the right answer. Even when I'm not ready for it, He is good to me. People aren't always so loving, though. I'd say most of us respond to questions based on our own thoughts and feelings. God comes from truth. Whereas, people come from *their* truth. Knowing this, I often don't ask all of the question on my heart because I'm simply not ready for the answers people may give.

Also, God always understands my questions. People do not always understand what I'm asking. Part of that could be that I may not be asking the question correctly. I suppose, in a way, I may not be ready to ask the questions...LOL

I don't have any specific examples to give at the moment. I mostly wanted to get this off my chest...hehehe

