# TBD

## 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting

Good morning and welcome to day 5 of this year's prayer and fasting dedication. There is a long way to go. Yet, I feel as though I've already come a long way...hehehe I'm very grateful for seasons like this. It helps to renew my spirit in a lot of ways.

Today's prayer focus is to recognize God's presence. On the cross, Jesus cries out, *My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?*. It's honestly a prayer only He could pray. That's because God is always present. I imagine the reason Jesus could not feel God's presence in that moment was because He was fulfilling the Law. He was paying yours and my sin debt. He was about to die for the sins of all.

The Psalmists often wrote about asking for God not to forsake or turn His face. But the author of [*Jesus: 21 Days That Can Change the Way You Pray*]() challenges us to see those as prayers to ask for more awareness of God's presence. I've certainly had times when I would begin to feel all alone in my pain. When I cry out to God in such moments, I begin to feel a comfort I simply cannot explain. As He draws nearer to me, I draw nearer to Him. I become more aware of His presence.

*Lord God Almighty, please do not forsake me! Please do not leave me in my time of distress. Please do not turn Your face from me as I cry out to You, Father. Instead, please make Your presence all the more known to me. Help me know You are always near. And not just in the pain, sorrow, and struggle. But also in the joy! Lift up my head in my sadness and raise up my hands in gladness as I praise You.*

*As I earnest seek Your Will for where I am to attend church, I ask for Your presence in that church You are calling me to. Help the church ignore the distractions of the world and acknowledge Your presence as we all enter the building. And as You send us out from that House of Prayer and Place of Worship, go forth with us into our community.*

*Lord, please be ever so present in the pastor's life. May he recognize Your presence as You bless his family. May Your presence be so encompassing that his face radiantly glows and shines upon the congregation as a sign that You are present in his life. Not just for his sake. But for that of everyone in the church.*

*With thanksgiving and gratitude, and in Your Name, I pray. AMEN!*



## My Day

Oh boy! It sure was chilly this morning. The windchill was in the 20s. The air temp was in the 30s. I was all layered up with my upper body...hehehe I didn't take a selfie. But I looked all cozy and warm...LOL Just before I moved to Florida, I bought a winter hat that was lined with wool and could fold down to cover the back of my neck and ears. I wore it that winter just before I moved and then wore it again when I would visit Indiana the next Winter. I haven't needed it since the Winter of 2022/2023. Well, I got to wear it this morning...LOL In Florida...HAHAHA

I also used the scarf I bought from a friend last year. I didn't need it last year. But I'm glad I bought it. I needed it this morning! She was making the scarves and hats to raise money for her therapy dog's training. I figured I could use the hat and scarf I bought for some of the visits to Indiana in the Winter. Plus it helped her with the cost of training her dog...hehehe

So, anyway, I was glad to have what I needed to stay warm on my walk today. I also have these thermal shirts to wear now. I bought them so I could have them for under my dapper clothes and wouldn't need to wear a coat. They work really well. The walk was cozy and I'm grateful I could do it.

Work has been busy so far today. I've had a meeting. And I've had a lot of work now that I have what I've been needing. I'm chugging right along like *The Little Engine that Could*...chooooo chooooo...hehehe Side note: that was my favorite children's book when I was a child. I still apply its lesson to my life to this today...LOL

Today's *Bible in a Year* reading from Job reminded me of today's prayer focus. Even when we cannot perceived it, God is always present. I also thought about how I've taking this to a new level this year. Last year, I simply read a portion of the Bible each day as prescribed by the plan I chose. This year, I've added a recap from Tara-Leigh Cobble and [*The Bible Recap*](). I've enjoyed having that addition so far these 9 days. Its plan is similar to last year's as far as what I'm reading each day.

I sometimes wish I had more of this *Bible stuff*...LOL But I was reminded today that when I trained for my 5k in 2023, I wasn't running at first. It all began with a walk. Even after I committed to my race, it took months of training before I got up to a jog pace for even the first mile. Even the week of my race, I still wasn't running a full 5k. Yet, when the day came for the race, I ran the entire thing. So, I need to remember that, today, I'm doing exactly what I need to be doing. I don't need to be doing *more*. And there will be days when I'll be doing *less*. It's a process and a marathon. It isn't a sprint...hehehe I'll keep growing as I trust God's process. And someday, I'll cross that finish line and enter into His Kingdom in His timing.

With the help of a colleague today, I was able to resolve an issue I was having with a new system I'm testing out for the company. I used to try to figure everything out on my own. I could spend hours and hours trying to figure things out. Lately, I reach out to someone who may already have the answers. If they don't, we figure it out together. In the end, with both learn something and we often resolve it in minutes instead of hours. Even if it does take hours, at least I'm not the only one learning...hehehe

There was an issue the other day that took more than minutes. I ended up pulling in 3 other people into resolving the problem...LOL My boss was also involved in the conversation, even though he wasn't part of the solution. So, in that case, 5 people learned something over the course of a few days...LOL All because I didn't try to find the solution all on my own.

I had a bit of worry and anxiety about something this afternoon over a burden that wasn't even my own. Part of the worry was that I'm not sure the other person even knows they may have a burden coming their way. That happens sometimes. You see a potential problem and can't really say anything about it unless they ask. Sometimes we have to sit back and watch and be ready to be available to help, should the need would arise. Things like this cause my some anxiety and worry. But then I remembered this passage...

::: details Philippians 4:4-9
Rejoice in the Lord always. I will say it again: Rejoice! Let your gentleness be apparent to all. The Lord is near. Be anxious for nothing, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable - if anything is excellent or praiseworthy - think on these things. Whatever you have learned or received or heard from me, or seen in me, put it into practice. And the God of peace will be with you.
:::

This closely relates to today's prayer focus...hehehe There are a few lessons in this passage. Being ever thankful and constantly in prayer, we can go to God with our anxieties...even if it is over someone else's burdens. We should capture our thoughts and focus on good things...even when bad things try to grab our attention. And we should learn from Paul's example...even all the examples of the Bible. All because God is near and His Peace is with us.



## Photo of the Day



## Wrapping Up

