# TBD

## 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting

Today, I begin the middle week of this season. I'm excited for how last week went. I still haven't looked back at a year ago. I do recall, at some point, I began to struggle a little. I wonder if I'll have a moment like that this year? Remembering what it was like, it is something I'll want to prayerfully consider in this season.

That said, today, there isn't a prayer focus beyond the 7 focuses I've already be through the past week. Today is more of a reflection break as I meditate on all I've been learning about the prayers of Jesus so far. Here is a recap of the 7 prayer focuses I've had this past week:

1. [Praying anywhere and everywhere](./05_dawn#_21-days-of-prayer-and-fasting)
2. [Blessing others, even those who have harmed or wronged us](./06_blessings#_21-days-of-prayer-and-fasting)
3. [Thanking God for revealing Himself](./07_god-revealed-in-the-journey#_21-days-of-prayer-and-fasting)
4. [Prayer for God's Will](./08_gods-will-be-done#_21-days-of-prayer-and-fasting)
5. [Asking God to not forsake us, that we always recognize His presence](./09_lighthouse#_21-days-of-prayer-and-fasting)
6. [Asking God to help our faith not to fail](./10_faith-dont-fail-me-now#_21-days-of-prayer-and-fasting)
7. [Asking God to help us strengthen our sisters and brother in Christ](./11_strengthen-me-to-strengthen-others#_21-days-of-prayer-and-fasting)

The author of the devotional where I'm learning these things suggests that it is important to follow and move on to each as I'm ready. It seems he should have mentioned that in the foreword instead of on this reflection break...hehehe But that's okay. For me, I was ready each day. I built upon the previous day each time. That's probably why yesterday's morning prayer walk was my favorite of all time. I went through all 7 on that walk.

That said, this order and plan is one man's plan. He is a pastor and leads others. I imagine and hope that he interpreted the Spirit's guidance in this faithfully and correctly. I'm learning so much and will try to adapt and apply these lessons to my own life. I interpret that the Spirit led me to this book for a reason. It is strengthening my prayer time so far. I'm very grateful for the opportunity to learn more about how Jesus prayed. After all, He is the model of a God fearing and turning away from evil lifestyle, right?!? hehehe



## My Day



## Photo of the Day



## Wrapping Up

