# Happy Life

### 2025/11/05

I thought my first Joffrey's coffee at Disneyland Resort was on our August vacation this year. I was mistaken. It turns out it was the morning of Dapper Day last year. I had forgotten that I enjoyed their bitter black nectar my first day at Disneyland, along with a ham and cheese croissant and a famous Disneyland churro. I'm sure glad I journaled that last year. It brought back those memories in a most beautiful way this morning!

I'm reminded today that my days in this life are numbered. I haven't always been careful in how I have considered the importance of keeping that in my heart. I don't suppose every day needs to have meaning. But perhaps I do need to be aware that I can bring meaning to every day. Living with intent has been a goal of mine these past few years. This has certainly been a heart-opening change in how I live out my days. Today's reminder is well received.

I'm also reminded today how grateful I am. I'm grateful for the good, the bad, and the ugly. No matter my circumstances, I have found gratitude in my heart. I haven't always felt as I do now. But adopting an attitude of gratitude in every circumstance has changed my heart from constant sadness to one that is quite happy. I can understand how people aren't always grateful. I've been there. But I didn't stay stuck there. I'm finding myself more and more thanking God and others for their impact on my life. And even when I do something myself, I thank God for giving me what I need to be able to do the *thing*. I am also grateful for the lessons I'm learning through the bad stuff and when I make mistakes. When I face something, or have an experience I don't like, I am equally grateful because it's still an opportunity to grow and find where God is. There is always something to be grateful for...**always**! In almost every prayer I pray, I express my gratitude to God for it all. The good, the bad, and the ugly.

It isn't easy to face death. Whether it be my own or that of others. But face it I must. I'm glad I survived 20 years ago. I'm grateful for all I have experienced since that day. Both this week's Bible study and a seemingly random TV episode gave me an opportunity to think about death today. As I look at my life in the time I have in this world, I can say with all confidence, I have a happy life. I am loved and I love. What more can I ask for?

Side note: It's a very good thing that I don't keep ice cream at home...LOL.