# Happy Coffee

### 2025/11/06

It still often remains strange to me that I love coffee now. I've heard it said to be an acquired taste. And boy have I acquired it! What began as a way to remember and honor my late grandfather has become a passion of mine. And it also further connects me to family and friends. Especially my father and brother.

I was thinking about how much my coffee making has evolved over these past 6 and a half years. From a Mr. Coffee maker to the French press I use today. From the quick-to-expire grounds in a bag to the freshly ground-by-hand method I now use. From the methodical way I would cycle through my mug collection to my more intentional and deeply felt choice of mug that brings meaning to each sip. The way I make and enjoy that bitter black nectar has become a nourishment for my happy heart.

I'll be hand grinding a fresh batch this evening. I do so every few days now. I typically have 2 cups a day. One in the morning with my toast and a second in the evening with a snack. With most of my mugs, I measure about 13.5 oz of water and 2 heaping tablespoons of grounds. I adjust for mugs that cannot hold 13.5 oz. But that's my current max. I used to do 20 oz. But I found this sweet spot with the French press method.

My mug collection has now grown to 48. Each one a happiness delivery vessel. Each one with some kind of meaning and connection. Some are a part of a series. Some were gifts from someone expressing their love. And a few that I picked out myself to express my love when I drink from them. It's a kaleidoscope of various styles, colors, and character that one can see pieces of me in the vast variety that now makes up this collection.

It has been quite awhile, but I used to post a selfie with my mug of the day on my social media. I'm not really sure why I stopped doing that. It used to accompany my *Vitamin G*. Now I use my featured photo of the day for those. I've considered posting at least my mug of choice each day. Perhaps I may do that from time to time next year. Now that I have such a large collection, and it continues to grow, it would be fun to show it off.

I still exclusively drink Joffrey's at home and at Disney. But I will drink other brands when Joffrey's isn't available. I'm somewhat of a self-proclaimed coffee connoisseur. But I'm not a Joffrey's snob. It's simply a personal preference. The way I make my coffee and choice of beans is only strictly observed at home. And I rarely decline coffee anywhere else. The only exception I make is Starbucks. In my opinion, they do not serve coffee. They serve sadness and death. That's the kindest way I can describe the taste of their black coffee. Theirs is the kind where I have to insist it be doctored up by the unhealthy flavors they offer. Their straight up black coffee is just that bad to me. So I pretty much never drink their coffee now. Their strawberry acai with water is delightful, though. I would describe it as happiness and life.

Switching to French press coffee in June has made the most impact on my process. I can count on one hand the number of times the coffee did not come out well after that change. I sometimes make a minor tweak, but I've closely perfected my process to what I feel is the best coffee for me. I use filtered water that I heat to 205 degrees Fahrenheit. I pour that into the glass beaker of the French press and cover it for 1 minute. After that minute, I pour the water back into the kettle to reheat it to 205 while I put the coffee grounds into the warm beaker. Once the water is back up to temperature, I pour it over the grounds in the beaker in a swirl pattern as to soak the grounds somewhat evenly. I cover it and allow it to set for 5 minutes to brew. After 5 minutes, I push the filter plunger down so the grounds are separated from the freshly brewed bitter black nectar. Finally, I pour the final work of art into my mug of choice and the coffee is happy. As am I.

I wonder if I make coffee as happy as it makes me? j/k HAHAHA