# Our August Vacation - Part 6

Wow! It sure has been a long time since I wrote [part 5 of Our August Vacation](../09/16_our-august-vacation-part-5)...LOL Sure, a lot has been going on since I last wrote about it. But I really should have continued writing this much soon. Especially considering our November Vacation is in a few days...LOL

On our final day together, we had quite the cherendipitous day. That's why I wanted to still write about it after all this time. It was special and very much an important part of our vacation. Just as we did the day before, we started our day off with breakfast at Ayres. And also like the day before, we took communion together. We spent a little more time at breakfast this day because we didn't need to be in any sort of rush. We weren't going to the parks and it was Cherie's checkout day. It was bittersweet. So we stayed in the moment for as long as we could...hehehe

After she checked out and left her luggage with bell services, we headed on over to Downtown Disney District and the resort hotels. We arrived a little early and most stores weren't open yet. Downtown Disney opens pretty early. But I guess the restaurants may serve breakfast long before the stores open. We entered through the main DTD entrance you come to from the parking lot. Apparently that entrance is completely different than it used to be. But I never saw it before last year...LOL

Since we were a little early, we headed over to the Grand Californian Resort to explore it for a bit. I didn't take much time to explore it myself last year. And Cherie hadn't explored all of it either. So, it was both of our first times truly having a look at this beautiful hotel. There was this little oasis in the middle that was like stepping out into the wooded wilderness of northern California. It was amazing and quite peaceful. It seemed like one of those places we'd sit in the early morning to do just take in the beauty of this grand hotel before having a magical day at the parks. But on the inside, we kept getting stopped be security anytime we got near an elevator...LOL It was like, "Okay...we get it...you don't want the peasants roaming about in your *happy* kingdom!" HAHAHA j/k It's definitely a place I would love to stay at someday. Especially since we can get the privilege to go past the security at the elevator...LOL j/k

After the Grand Californian, we made our way back to DTD for some shopping. The stores were opening up there doors for us to explore their treasures...hehehe We went through many of their shops. She was able to find a nice magnet for her mom at the Disney Home store. At least, I think that is what it was called...hehehe I found my coffee mug at World of Disney. We both found some amazing pins at the Pin Traders shop. She got me a special pin to commemorate our amazing parks day. It was of Mickey and Minnie enjoying fireworks just like she and I did as we were in line for Big Thunder Mountain <3 We also went into the LEGO store. Someone was looking at the Bonsai set, like the one I have. I told the gal looking at it about how I change my tree for the seasons...hehehe

Before we were finished at DTD, Cherie and I did a churro toast...*ding*. It will be a little tradition for us to do on these vacations...hehehe That makes my heart so happy <3 I don't know if we'll always capture it on video. But we did that first time and I'm glad we always have that to look back on.

Next we headed over to the Disneyland Hotel. We stopped off for my Joffrey's coffee. That day, I thought it was my very first Joffrey's at Disneyland Resort. I later remembered, through this journal, that I actually had my first last year on my first ever day at Disneyland...LOL Disneyland Hotel is really amazing too. It's another one I'd love to stay at. They have several little themed areas throughout the property that would be nice to relax in. We stopped at the little garden area with roses and gazebos. We sat and talk there for quite a while. That's where I told her about that time I climbed up on the garage when I was a little guy. I think it may have been before I could even talk. And my brother was freaking out saying, "Greg's going to die! Greg's going to die!" And Mom said, "No he is not. He is going to climb back down the way he got up there. Aren't you Greg?" And that's exactly what I did...LOL We talked about all sorts of things about our childhoods and our families. I loved that moment <3

After that, we headed over to Pixar Place Hotel. It was nice. I may stay there someday, perhaps. But I can see how a family would love it. It did seem like one of those places that looks more amazing in photos and videos than in person, though. They had an indoor mini golf thing...LOL We didn't play. We didn't spend much time at this hotel and left after seeing the mini golf room...LOL

We headed back to the car and talked about what we might do next, since we still had some time. We decided to head over to the Discovery Cube Museum. That place was amazing. It is basically a children's museum. And I love those kinds of things. So, I'm so glad we went! This was the main reason I called the day cherendipitous. It was completely unplanned.

We started off doing some little car thing where we built a car and did some racing experiments with it. Then we went out and did a dinosaur dig...hehehe This is where Trexina and Trex got there dino on...LOL j/k It was fun exploring that dinosaur exhibit. There was a lot of physics interactive displays for us to play with. We did rocket science. We did a wind machine. We played hockey. We skipped over a grocery store...LOL We did some LEGOs, a jungle gym, and rode a helicopter. Well, the helicopter was a video we experienced...LOL And just before we left, we were able to enjoy a little fish exhibit on the way out. I'm truly grateful to have experienced the Discovery Cube with my best friend. It took me back to a special place in my heart. And that makes my heart happy <3

After that, it was time to head back to the hotel to get her things and head over to ARTIC for our final moment together of Our August Vacation. The train was running late. So we actually had quite a bit of time to sit and chat. One thing we chatted about was where I might have dinner after she left...hehehe She suggested Ono Hawaiian BBQ. That's where I went and it was amazing. I was enjoying that dinner as she was traveling home on the train. She made it home safely and I got back to the hotel to prepare for my journey home the next day.

I still have more to write about my journey home. But I'll save that for part 7...LOL

It is always bittersweet to say goodbye. Especially after such an amazing vacation together. It's always hard to say goodbye, but it is never truly *goodbye*. It's actually *see you real soon*. We have an amazing, and true, friendship. I'm so very grateful God has blessed us with the friendship and fellowship we share. She is truly my deerest friend. Thank You, Father, for Cherie. And thank you, Cherie, for being my best friend <3

[Part 5](../09/16_our-august-vacation-part-5)