# Tis the Season
### 2025/11/21

Well, we've reached the end of another week. Happy FriYAY! This week has gone by so quickly. Of course, that's mostly because we were on vacation the first half of the week... LOL I have caught up on my sleep already too. I'm feeling as though everything is *normal* once again... hehehe

Work has been good. Things aren't nearly as busy this year as they were at this time last year. I've had shorter weeks lately too. That helps things make it feel faster, I suppose. It feels like a good season to be in right now. I think we all need this from time to time. For me at least. And despite my travels, I feel very relaxed by it all.

I'm going to be working on a Christmas card for a Christmas card exchange with a social media friend. I've never created a card from my art as far as I know. But I wanted to try that this year. I'll only be sending it as a card to the one person. I'll still likely show it to a few others, though. My hope is to perhaps start making an annual card to send out to a list beginning next year. This one will be a trial to see how well I do and if I like doing it.

I'd really like to focus more time on my art and creative writing. I'd also like to get back to non-fiction writing too. I feel like I say that a lot but never follow through. There are so many things to do in life. I'm doing the most important things, of course. So, what I really need to do is cut down on the non-important things to make room for some of these other things that I'd like to focus more time, effort, and heart to. TV time comes to mind... LOL I still spend too much time watching shows that are *good*, but not edifying... LOL As Dad used to call it, it's *worthless mind rot*... LOL I think exercising my creative mind would be more fulfilling <3

There's nothing inherently wrong with mindless entertainment. I do enjoy the stories and how they're being told. It's just time consuming. I used to watch TV and movies all the time. I've actually cut back quite a bit from my old habit. I'm simply thinking of cutting back more again. In a way, I've felt like I've been chasing this entertainment. It can be very relaxing, after all. So, it seems to have a purpose. But I'm ready to disconnect a little more and fill that time with chasing after my creative passions again. I really hope I follow through this time... LOL

I'm really looking forward to my upcoming trip to Indiana. I'll be driving this time. And I'll be staying for a week. There aren't any specific plans set. Just another casual visit and go with the flow kind of thing. I'll be staying in the same Drury Inn hotel I've been staying in near Montgomery. It's basically the halfway point. So I now stay there both going up and coming back down. It very much reminds me of the Ayres Hotels I've been staying at in California. I've learned that where I stay for a night in a hotel matters. It's no longer *just a room* to me. It's my *home* for the night. But more importantly, I'm looking forward to spending time with Malachi and my family. I cherish the moments I have with him and the others. I think my time up there has become more valuable since I've moved down here. I'm grateful for the blessing to be able to travel <3 I felt so out of place living in Indiana. I now feel like I fit better in the puzzle as a *visitor*.

Ohh! Something else I can't seem to follow through on is my exercise... LOL I keep thinking about it. But I haven't found my motivation yet. It was so *easy* to be motivated in 2023 because my health was *that* bad. I felt soooo bad and just wanted to feel good again. Well now, I feel good most of the time. The problem is, *feeling* good doesn't mean I'm *actually* good. I still need to exercise to remain in good health. Eating well won't do it alone. Perhaps I'll make it a resolution for 2026 to get back into an exercise routine. I made resolutions this year for the first time. I did well with that this year. So I'll not give up on myself. I'm determined to focus on this as well soon.

I'll be taking my car in for its first checkup tomorrow morning. It's the 5000 mile checkup. It actually only has 4275 miles on it. But since I'm driving to Indiana next week, I'll be adding an additional 2000. I felt it best to take care of the checkup before I go.

After that, I'm considering going to Disney World and hitting all 4 parks. If I do that, it will mean I will have gone to all 6 Disney parks in the US on the same week. I would do something at each park and not just walk around. I feel I want to at least do 1 attraction to feel like I went to the park. But that really isn't required. I think this will be fun. I've missed it. And the weather looks nice. It'll be okay if it's a little busy. I'll still enjoy the *magic*. I love the holiday decorations and can't wait to see those <3

It has been a really good week. It started off fantastic, of course. But even after I got home, it continued to be good. This whole month has been good. And I don't see any reason for the coming week to be any different. I love this time of the year, now. Especially because of these past few years. 'Tis the season for joy <3