# Our August Vacation - Part 4

Everything about our vacation was special. I didn't look at any one moment as being my favorite each day. Collectively, it was my favorite vacation. However, I'd like to call out the morning after our ballgame and the day of our magical time at Disney. This was our first time having breakfast together. One of Cherie's favorite things is breakfast. So, to get to have breakfast with her for the very first time was a special moment for me. After we both received our plates of food and got our beverage of choice (her apple juice and my coffee), we sat down and took communion together. Although we have taken communion on our video calls countless times, this was another first. For the very first time, we took communion together in person. I will cherish this important morning of our fellowship forever.

As we ate, I showed her the pins I had found for us to give away as *warm hugs* that day. After we finished breakfast, we went back to our separate rooms to prepare ourselves for our magical day at Disney. She was dressed as a Dapper Belle and I was a Dapper Gaston. This was my first Disney Villain. I was really excited! It came about because she chose to wear her Belle themed dress. At first I wanted to do Beast. But seeing as her dress was white and blue, like when Belle is in the village at the beginning of the movie, I decided to go with Gaston. Beast would have been good if her dress was themed for the yellow ballgown from later in the movie. After we were ready, we drove to the parking structure for Pixar Pals. I got a little confused at the entrance and got turned around a bit. But once I got my barring straight, we got parked and started our Disney adventure!

This was the first time either of us had been in the parking structures at Disneyland Resort. Therefore, it was also the first time either of us had used the trams there. And as it is part of the Disney experience, we count the trams as our first ride attraction for this trip! It was really fun and I loved the vehicle style. The trams take you from the parking to the esplanade that connects Disneyland, Disney's California Adventure, and Downtown Disney District. We decided to start our parks day at Disneyland. So after getting off the tram and walking to the esplanade, we took a left into *the world of yesterday, tomorrow, and fantasy*. Our first task was to grab a park map!

After a quick walk down Main Street USA, we stopped off at the castle to get a PhotoPass photo shoot with our dapper attire. I am so glad Cherie doesn't mind indulging me when it comes to these photos. But I later found out she really enjoys that we do that together. It makes my heart happy that we get to do that and that she enjoys it too. The photographer was playful in helping us pose. I especially loved the one where she had Cherie look off into the distance in disgust while I *flexed my arm* and stared at my *muscles*. She was the most beautiful girl in all the kingdom and I was the even more beautiful and strapping hunk...LOL j/k A little Gaston humor...LOL Every so often I would joke about how *amazing I looked* in my *Gaston voice*. It was fun being in character from time to time. Aside from the Gaston *character*, I also enjoyed being playful with the way I walk and dance through the parks. I have so much fun. It's even more fun being with my best friend!

After the castle photo shoot, our first land was Toon Town. There we rode Roger Rabbit's Car Toon Spin and Mickey and Minnie's Runaway Railway. It was my first time for both and I loved every moment. Technically, I have ridden Mickey and Minnie's, but at WDW. *For the sake of not repeating myself on every ride, I have to say the thing I loved most was doing everything with Cherie. Her laugh makes my heart so happy. I could tell she was having the best time*. I loved Roger Rabbit. It was one of the ones I was looking forward to the most. Mickey and Minnie's is the same as what they have in WDW. But the queue is much different. I was so glad to finally get to experience that! It was amazing!

I finally got to experience the *original* It's a Small World! I loved it! This was one of many times we did a video selfie. Each time we did one, we'd also do our Rex's...LOL I love that we do that. Next, we walked over to Tomorrow Land and rode Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage and Autopia. For Nemo, this was Cherie's first time and my second. For Autopia, it was my first but she had ridden it years ago. She drove our car in Autopia and I took several videos. It was such a fantastic experience and I'm glad we were able to capture some of it on video. We even had a *traffic jam* when another car stalled ahead of us...LOL As we were leaving Tomorrow Land, we did Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters. It's a little different than the one at WDW and it also had the latest upgrades. It was a lot of fun!

Big Thunder Mountain Railroad was our next attraction and our first roller coaster together. Okay, I'll repeat something, Cherie's laugh makes my heart so happy. She laughed through the whole ride and I enjoyed glancing over at her and seeing how much she enjoyed the ride! After that, we did Pirates of the Caribbean, Adventureland Treehouse, Jungle Cruise, and Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room. The Tiki Room performance is a bit different than the one at Magic Kingdom. The song is slightly different and the room itself is smaller. I don't do a lot of comparing, but I think I like the Disneyland one better...LOL

Now it was time for us to park hop and head over to Disney's California Adventure for the first time on this trip. Once again, our first task was to pick up a park map! And right after that, we took some photos at the trolley. One of the Cast helped us with that. Sadly they don't run the trolley anymore. Next, we made our way to the World of Color boardwalk to get our famous DCA photo across from *Mickey's Death Wheel*...LOL I am so glad we do videos for those because we not only get several photos, it's fun seeing the silliness and hearing the sounds from the moment. After that, we went to another PhotoPass photographer to get some official DCA photos across from the wheel. There was a large family ahead of us. But they were kind enough to allow us to go first since they were going to do several.

After that, we meandered over to Cars Land, Hollywood, and Grizzly Peak. We didn't ride any attractions at this time in DCA. We were coming close to time for our mid-day break and mostly just walked around for a bit and knew we would be back later that day. So we headed back to our hotel for a break and to freshen up. We each also had a little something to eat in our rooms. As you can tell, we did so much in those first hours of our Disney day. But there is a lot more to come from later that day. For now, I'm going to call this entry finished. Continue to stay tuned for more!

[Part 1](../08/19_our-august-vacation-part-1)

[Part 2](../08/21_our-august-vacation-part-2)

[Part 3](../09/04_our-august-vacation-part-3) 