# No Digital Dust

The reason I like to go back and read past journal entries is to see *where* we've *been*? And then I can reflect on *where* we *are*. And perhaps that'll help give vision and clarity on *where* we are *going*. I've noticed I'm not so much *in my head* lately. I'm not *overthinking* as much and have switched to thinking more *clearly*. I think writing and reading has been a huge part of this. As has been the Bible devotionals. I'm grateful for all of this.

Last week's study has helped a great deal with some of the major things on my heart. Yesterday's fellowship time was a great way to conclude the lesson and prepare me for what is coming next. I'm very much looking forward to *where* God is taking me. It isn't a place. It's a way of experiencing Him in new ways. It's more of a condition of my heart. I'm learning that answers to prayer go beyond a *yes*, *no*, or *wait*. Some answers are *come and see*.

Today is the Equinox. So, Fall has arrived here in the Northern Hemisphere. As of last year, I appreciate the change in seasons. The climate in Florida doesn't reveal much change. But I *feel* it in my heart. I was talking about this with my boss this morning during our 1:1. I appreciated the conversation about how I feel now and how I used to feel. Since last year, I find my own way of experiencing seasons and holidays. I embrace it all in the ways that I can. And I have found my own kind of happiness. The conversation with him about it has me thinking about how I view these things differently now. My heart has grown <3

For the past few weeks, I've been thinking I need to get back into cardio. I think I'd like to start jogging again. It's been too hot to start back up now. But it will soon be a good time to do that again. I've really slacked on exercise this year. I started the year strong, but I backed off and never went back. Now I'm feeling motivated again. Perhaps I'll start soon. I've continued to walk. But my heart rate doesn't get up enough with the kind of walks I've been taking.

I ordered the video camera today. I went with the bundle so I'd have some of the accessories that would make it convenient for things like POV and hopefully to mount in the car. The little tripod will come in handy too. I'm not sure if I'll use this for social media. But I will make videos to send to close friends and family, and for myself. And I have hopes to try video journaling again. I think the POV option is most appealing for that. I just wear the camera to capture things while enjoying the moment. With the phone, I would snap photos and videos quickly so I wouldn't miss being in the moment. Which was always fine. But having a POV camera will hopefully capture things without me needing to think about it. What I'm unsure about is editing the footage down to something useful...LOL But I'll figure it out. The fact I bought this camera means I'm committed.

One of my motivations for the camera is that I go back and look at photos and videos often. It's just like how I read old journals. My photos and videos don't just sit there collecting digital dust either. I actually go back to them. These past few years have been extra special because I've captured more videos than I used to. Cherie was the one who put me onto how videos also capture the sounds of the moment. So hearing the moment, along with seeing it, helps me better connect with moments. It has basically become a hobby to capture moments and then relive them later. Plus I have shared those moments with others. It's like having them there. There are some videos I have that exist because I wanted to share the moment with someone. And when I watch it again later, I remember why I took the video. This makes my heart happy all over again <3

As you can see from today's entry, I didn't do timestamps. Today was a free flow of thought kind of day. I still wrote as the day went on. But I paid no mind to the time when I wrote. A sentence here. A paragraph there. And at the end of the day, instant journal...LOL And when I look back on this day time and again in the future, not only will I be grateful I jotted these thoughts, I won't find any digital dust covering it...LOL <3

## Handwritten Journal

[Today's handwritten journal](/media/blog/2025/09/20250922.pdf)