# TBD

## My Day

February has arrived! Yeah, that's a little on the nose...LOL But I'm going to celebrate the change in months. So, Happy February!!!

As I mentioned yesterday, today is a Disney day with my sister. I'll be getting ready to leave soon. I decided I would start my journal this morning. I'll probably keep track of the day's moments like I did on Tuesday. But regardless, I wanted to journal today.

I've still been keeping up with rereading last year's journal entries on the month and days I wrote. I normally wait until the end of the day to read those. But today, I read it already...hehehe It seems I was exhausted after January last year...LOL I still declared it a good month. I was just worn out a little.

I had a lot of inspiring things to say last year. I'm so glad I started this blog last January. I may still migrate those entries to this year's. For now, they are *archived* on [my previous website](https://blog.bygregmarine.com). As I mentioned last month, I decided to move everything to this main one instead so I could cross reference everything. A year ago, I had ambitions to keep it all separate and tend to each section. But I ended up only doing the blog. Now that I've merged it here, I've already started to work on new sections...like [Photos](/photos/) and [Bible](/bible/)...hehehe

I've already had my breakfast, coffee, and I did today's *Bible in a Year* reading and recap. I've enjoyed starting my day this way today. I'm still enjoying my daily routines. They ebb and flow a little. But in general, each day has a good balance...hehehe

I mentioned something yesterday about *toxic positivity* and how I believe I don't have that. In my journal entry from a year ago, it was pretty clear I dont' fall into that...LOL I think my Bible study notes reflect that as well. When I write, I tend to identify what struggles I have while also including either how I deal with them or how God is revealing Himself through them. It's shows my life isn't all rainbows and sunshine. But it also shows how I find God in the storms. I'm still grounded in reality. I see the bad and the good. I just hope that what I say to and do for others reflects that. This blog is only a piece of me. How I treat others should also reflect a good balance.

Well, I best be getting ready for my day with my sister! Today will be a good day because she is a part of it <3



## Photo of the Day

<!--@include: ../../../photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/01.md{3,}-->