# TBD

Something in the Bible study triggered a fond memory from my childhood. Way back before I was able to talk, I would take toys apart all the time. I was curious how they worked and what they were made of. Unfortunately, these toys were not meant to be disassembled...LOL And some of those toys were my older brothers...HAHAHA

This gave me the reputation of being a destructive child. I remember it well, though. I definitely was just curious. And I was sad that I had broken so many things that I couldn't put back together...hehehe My parents recognized my curiosity. They hunted down a special toy that was designed to be taken apart and put back together. It was a truck that had pieces that screwed together in various places. I was able to disassemble and reassemble it at will. It helped develop my curious mind without destroying the toy in the process.

After I received that toy, I stopped taking apart other toys...hehehe As I grew up, I became known as a tinkerer. I would build things out of just about anything. And when something broke, I found new uses for the broken things. Nothing is truly broken until I throw it away. Sometimes, a broken thing gives birth to two new things. Or it simply changes into something new by itself.

I'm grateful for that little truck. I wish I still had it...LOL It changed my life.

In the latter years of childhood, my brother would have me put together his models. For awhile, our parents thought he was putting them together. He never claimed to. They just assumed. Sometime later, they came to find out I was the one putting them together...LOL I didn't want the attention. I just loved putting things together. And my brother just loved the result of having a model...hehehe

I put that curious mind to work today in my job. I was faced with something I had no clue about. I tinkered with it a bit most of the day. At one point I felt like the cause of the problem was the original solution was overcomplicated...LOL But there wasn't anything I could do to simplify it today. I just needed to figure it out and fix the problem. I thanked God for the wisdom and knowledge it would take to figure it out.

With 10 minutes left in the work day, I almost decided to put a pin in it and tackle it tomorrow morning with a fresh mind. But then an idea sparked that sent me down a path to success. It took about 10 minutes to validate my solution, but eureka! The solution worked! I then spent about 15 minutes passed quitting time packaging it up to be ready for deployment. I wanted to be sure it was ready for testing by the business folks first thing tomorrow.

I'm grateful for the sharp mind God gave me. I haven't always made the best decisions with it...hehehe But I've grown and that mind is making better decisions now. The curiosity hasn't faded over the years. That's something else I'm grateful for. God has given me a good gift between the two. A curious and sharp mind has been a blessing in my journey.

I've been thinking about how I handle things now. I feel like I am healing really well. My trauma reactions are fading and my healing responses are taking over. I don't have any specific examples to talk about right now. But it is something on my mind. Being in the Bible daily has helped me know God more. But doing the Bible studies have given me a better understanding of how to deal with life. To use the food metaphor, my daily *Bible in a Year* readings are like a lovely snack. The Bible study is protein packed meal that sustains me...hehehe I've built up quite the appetite for knowing God more. And He has been satisfying that hunger and thirst. That's yet another thing I'm so grateful for...LOL And that curious mind of mind keeps me going back for more!



## Photo of the Day

<!--@include: ../../../photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/05.md{3,}-->