# TBD

Today was quite a day. I imagine I'll miss some things in today's entry. But I figured I'd go ahead and try writing about it...hehehe

I was so tempted to go to Disney's Hollywood Studios today. I wanted to eat at Mama Melrose and see Fantasmic...HAHAHA I resisted temptation, though. God provided a way out and I see the neon flashing signs that said I should stay home...HAHAHA

I accomplished everything I set out to do today except work on the painting. I'll probably work on that tomorrow.

I was also able to get in 3 walks today! It was a gorgeous day to be outside. The weather almost felt like summer...hehehe Olaf would have been so happy since he loves the idea of summer...hehehe

One of the main tasks I hoped to accomplish today was put in effort towards my February goal to simplify my living room. I did what I planned to do last weekend, plus what I had planned to do today. And then took it one step further and started the part I was planning to do next weekend...LOL

My living room is already feeling so much calmer. When I did my desk and workspaces last month, my bedroom already became calmer. And the part of the living room with my current desk also did. Now it feels so much better than it did last month...hehehe By the end of this month, I'll feel so much better about my living space...hehehe

It's great to already see progress. I've made small changes each week towards this goal. I didn't want to overwhelm myself or do things drastically. Taking my time is helping me make good decisions about it all. Most of what I've removed is now in storage. I'll go through all of that later. I didn't want to just get rid of everything without giving it thought. It's a process...hehehe So far, it is all working really well.

I also did some work on this website. I reorganized the sidebar menu. Each section has it's own now. It was starting to look cluttered with everything. So, the blog only has the blog content in the menu. The photos section just has photos. And the Bible section has just Bible stuff. Very clean...hehehe

For the Bible section, I started the *Bible in a Year* part. I have a bit more to do. But it is starting to get fleshed out. I'd love to link to today's page. But I'm afraid I might make changes and break that link later...LOL But it is coming along and I'll have it finalized soon. Then I'll be able to start linking my blog entries to that day's Bible readings and notes <3

For breakfast, I had my usual toast. I'll be switching the type of bread this coming week. For several weeks, I've been having Dave's Killer Bread. The next loaf is Izzio sourdough. I switched it up because I'll be having spaghetti this coming week...hehehe So, I'll also use that bread for my breakfast toast.

For lunch, I had a mushroom burger. I only have one of those left now. I hope Sprouts restocks soon. I love those and will miss them if they don't get them back. If I do see them again, I may buy extra to stock up...HAHAHA Of course, I could try to make them myself.

For dinner, I had fried rice again. I've been craving that a lot lately. I've also been craving chowmein. I'll be doing that on Monday I think...hehehe

For my Valentine's dinner Friday, I'm planning to make my Chilean Sea Bass. This will be the first Valentine's I've truly celebrated in a very long time. So long, that I don't even remember when I last celebrated it...LOL It might have even been pre-pandemic...HAHAHA

I forgot to get some things for that dinner when I went to the store today...LOL So, I'll be heading back to Sprouts in the next few days. I forgot that it was coming up this Friday...hehehe When I was at the store, I was in default mode on what I needed for a typical week. I wasn't even thinking that a special day was happening this coming week...HAHAHA

I'm really glad I didn't go to Disney today. I don't think I'd be as happy tonight had I gone. Everything I was able to accomplish today truly made me happy <3

## Photo of the Day

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/08.md{3,}-->