# Warm Hugs in the Messages

Thanks to my deer friend, I'm going to try Apple's Journal app for iPhone tomorrow...LOL When I first got the app a while ago, I tried it and didn't really like it. In my head, I thought I would write a single journal entry in it each day. But when I tried to do that, there was a strong limit to how large videos and photos could be. I questioned what the point of the app was if I couldn't keep track of something as obvious as videos and photos...LOL

Well, she said something today that sparked a new train of thought. She said, *It looks like it's good for quick jotting on the go.* I was already doing that with the Notes app. But I wondered if I could use the Journal app as a personal *micro blogging* app instead of doing long entries like I do here on my actual blog. It turns out, the Journal app is great for that...LOL At least at my glance today. I'll know for sure tomorrow as I try to use it...hehehe But at the end of the day, I can take everything I log throughout the day, and toss it on here if I feel like it. So, instead of one long *journal* entry in the app, I'll be making several small entries. Each small one does allow for the videos and photos I take throughout the day without a weird limit...hehehe I suppose that's because I'll do them one at a time per *entry* instead of trying to attach them all at once. When I was playing with it tonight, it felt like my own personal Twitter...hehehe

So, I'm continuing to keep up with reading my blog entries from a year ago. Yesterdays was one of those turning points for me last year. I had a lot to say. But one of the things I talked about was how I had considering giving up my Walt Disney World Annual Pass. I was going through a bit of a depression in general. But one of the focuses of sadness was on how I just wasn't feeling the *magic* anymore. More specifically, the meetups from the previous year had burned me out.

The day I wrote that, I was making plans to go to Disney World the next day. I had this idea to hit all 4 parks in a day and do 4 specific things at each: a show, an attraction, eat a food item, and drink a beverage. To this day, I still haven't achieved that...LOL But after making a plan to do all of that on this day a year ago, I ended up canceling it all the night before. I went to bed that night a little sad, disappointed, and with thoughts I would allow my pass to expire in April.

When I woke up the next morning, I had a text message from my deer friend. It was full of encouragement. She had read my journal and she felt like I needed a *warm hug*. Her message was that warm hug. It reminded me of what I do love about Disney and how I would perhaps be giving up an important part of myself. Not that Disney defines me or anything. But let's face it, Disney is something I love. I had lost sight of those parts of it that I cherish because the things I hated about the previous year were the noise I was listening to...LOL In a very loving way, she turned my head to look at what I still loved about it all.

Yeah, that was a turning point indeed! I've since experienced so many new things about Disney and even went to Disneyland and DCA for the first time last year. My deer friend even joined me at DL and DCA for my happiest day on earth. I also explored my dapper side and absolutely love the joy it brings to others.

We never know what sort of impact we have on others. In this case, she knows because I've shared with her how grateful I am that she said something. But there are likely so many other times when something we say makes a positive impact on others that we don't know about. Interestingly, as I was typing all of this, one of my Twitter friends reached out to me to check on me. He told me how much he enjoys my positive affirmations. His message was another reminder of the importance of the *warm hugs* I bring through things like *Vitamin G*. I don't say that to put the focus on me. I'm talking about how it makes others feel. Just like how his text message made me feel. And how my deer friend's text message a year ago changed how I felt that day.

By the way, after reading her text message that morning, I ended up going to Disney that day...LOL I didn't do the 4 things in all 4 parks plan. But I did have a very enjoyable day. I shared the day with her through photos. So, I have that day well documented in my photos archive as well as text messages...hehehe I didn't blog about it as far as I know. My next entry last year was on Valentine's Day...LOL I'll be reading that one on Friday...hehehe

All of this encourages me to keep saying what I say and doing what I do. I'm just being me and that's a good thing. When there is something on my heart to say, I should say it. All I have in my heart is love anyway. I have so many *warm hugs* to give. I'm going to keep on giving them. Who knows, it might be a turning point for someone else.

Which reminds me, I've been considering talking about this being the 20th anniversary of my suicide attempt. That'll be in October. But I believe my story can be an encouragement for other people throughout this year. And perhaps beyond the year. It has already made an impact on people before now. A few years back, I talked about it. I still do privately from time to time. But it has been awhile since I've opened up about it. I think it might be time again. I'm in a good place and I'd like to encourage anyone who is struggling. There is hope <3

I finished the one painting this morning. After it dried overnight, I wanted do some final touches this morning. I have named, dated, and signed it. I went to seal it. But the can of clear acrylic sealer I have wasn't spraying. So, I need to get a new one. I seal my paintings to protect them from moisture and UV rays from the sun. I learned years ago that unprotected art fades over time. My hope is that my works of art can last because I make them for people to enjoy. I don't mind if they are like, *Greg who?*. But the connection the painting makes to their soul is important enough for me to preserve for their lifetime.

Something I find funny about my past journal entries is how I have these ideas to do things. But sometimes I don't follow through on those things. I was talking last year about some of the things I'm just now getting around to...LOL This year, I started to simplify things in my home. I made it a resolution to achieve this year. But I had forgotten that this idea started a year ago...LOL I was talking about it back then. Somewhere along time, I had forgotten about my ideas...LOL Then, in December, I was like, *yeah, this is what I'd like to do!* Yet, I had forgotten I said the same thing earlier in the year...LOL At least I'm following through now, right?!? HAHAHA

## Photo of the Day

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/10.md{3,}-->