# TBD

## My Day

### 09:00am

I've been a bit disconnected from my journal lately. So, I decided I would give a timestamp entry a go again. When I get a little *off*, timestamp entries tend to bring me back. I don't really have a goal to write everyday. But lately, I have had a lot I want to write.

I've tried to use the Journal app on my phone. But it isn't natural for me. I do use it. I just don't write everything that is actually on my mind because writing on a phone is difficult for me. The app doesn't have an option to use the Mac or iPad. I can connect to my phone through my Mac now. But even that is clunky...LOL I should just find another journal app or use the Notes app like I've done before.

### 10:30am

I got a late start to my coffee and breakfast today...hehehe I did that yesterday too. A new trend? LOL j/k But speaking of coffee, last night I was reading in my journal entry from a year ago yesterday that the first time I enjoyed Joffrey's Sumatra origins coffee was February 17 last year. I mentioned back then that I loved it and would likely get it again. I've gotten it with every order since...LOL This morning, I'm drinking the last of my current supply. I ordered more last week and hope to get it by the end of this week...hehehe

I finally recorded *Do You Wanna Be Like Budford?* LOL Originally, I wrote it to be Do You Wanna Be *WITH* Budford... But I like what I landed on instead...hehehe This one took me longer than any other song I've made with his voice. This one is special because it is a cross over to my favorite Disney character...hehehe Olaf isn't actually in the original Disney song. But the song is inspired by the little *Olaf* Elsa made for Anna when they were kids. Later, we find out Anna made little *Olaf*s for Elsa throughout the years...hehehe

Anyway, I wanted this song to be special. I really love how it turned out. The lyrics and the personality I brought to the song really expresses the warm hug I wanted it to be 🤗

### 03:30pm

I was finally able to get outside for a short walk. It has been a busy day at work. Even on busy days, I like to break away for a little bit. It just hasn't worked out today...hehehe

It's a beautiful day today. A great temperature and the sun is shining. It's a little windy. But not too bad. The smell isn't great, though...LOL They are resealing the parking lots this week and next. So there is a tar smell right now. It's suppose to rain tomorrow. They pushed back the process another day as a result. I was suppose to move my car tomorrow night to prepare for my area to get sealed on Thursday. Now the plan is to move my car Thursday for a seal treatment Friday.

I'm working a half day on Friday. I'll then be going to Disney World to meet up with some friends. One of them is visiting from out of town. Friday was my best day to see them. I took a half day from work so I could get over there and see them in the afternoon into the evening.

I'm planning to dress dapper for this visit. I'll be wearing greens and browns. I'm thinking about wearing my Figment artist pin. It doesn't really match the outfit. But it does match the festival going on at EPCOT. As my collection grows, I'll have better matching pins for all occasions...hehehe Wearing a pin, if even mismatched, it a goal of mine.

They suddenly switched which magnet is available for Annual Passholders. They were doing a *Ray* one for *Princess and the Frog*. Now they are doing a *Minnie Mouse* magnet. So I'll finally get a Minnie to go with my Mickey one...hehehe I'm really excited about that! They used to give the Minnie one out when you got a new pass or renewed. But I never got one. They always send the Mickey one. I feel like my collection of magnets will be complete now...LOL



## Photo a Day

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/18.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/18) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.