# TBD

For a while now, I've been asking myself and others, *what was your favorite moment today?* I also ask things like *what was something that made you laugh/smile/happy?* I recently added a new one. *What was the worst thing that happened to you today?* Although I ask myself this one, I ask very few others...hehehe That one is a little more personal. And I never expect anyone to answer such a question if they aren't comfortable doing so.

I got the idea for this question after reading a story about how a parent would ask their child how their day was. The child would typically say it was *good* and move on about their evening. One night, the child broke down into tears. The parents was concerned and asked what was bother them. As it turned out, the child's day was not actually good. Something had happened at school that day that upset the child.

After that happened, the parent started to ask what was the worst thing that happened to them each day. After that question was answered, the parent would then ask what was the best thing that happened. That way there is a good balance. This inspired me to find such a balance in my own life. As a generally positive person, I'm always on the lookout for my favorite moments. But I should also be paying attention to the worst ones. I cannot ignore those or their impact on my life.

As far asking that question of others, I'm picky about who I ask. I have to have a deep connection with them. They need to feel safe with me and I with them. But asking such a question sends a clear message that I care very deeply for them. I don't just want the best of who they are. I want all of who they are. Even the bad stuff. I want to know what is hurting them so I can pray for them. And by listening, perhaps it will help the healing process or help them learn from whatever the circumstance might be.

I was notified my coffee order is on its way...YAY...hehehe I mentioned yesterday that I brewed my last Sumatra beans. I still have some beans from another Joffrey's blend. So I my had coffee today...hehehe But the new batch of beans is due to arrive tomorrow, I believe. One of the bags, the Joffrey's 40th Anniversary blend, was free. I had earned enough *points* to get a free bag of beans...LOL Sometime last year, they switched systems and started offering *VIP* points to be earned over time through purchases...hehehe

Work is going well. I've been getting things ready for the new production environment. I'm back to waiting on others to complete their work. I had this phase a few months ago when I was getting my pre-production environment stood up. I like to be ahead of tasks so no one is waiting on me. I don't mind waiting on others. But I would not like for anyone to be waiting on me...hehehe

I somewhat live by that as a philosophy. I tend to show up to places a little early too. I don't mind waiting for people to arrive places. I just don't like people to need to wait on me to arrive. There are times when I'm running late and people end up waiting on me. But I do my best to make sure that I'm not the reason I'm running late. There are other factors that can impact when I arrive. I can't control that. But if I have control over timing, I'd rather be early...hehehe

I was confused about something I wrote a year ago yesterday. I said God brought me to Florida. But I know later that I felt like I didn’t *just* come to Florida. I felt like I was *escaping* Indiana, and my past. I *left*...I didn’t *go*. So, I'm not sure why I felt like God had sent me here. I do recall once having a conversation about how it was like when God told Abraham to leave his people and go to a place that God would show Abraham. Eventually that became the Promised Land.

Well, in hindsight, I don't feel like that now. I used to be a little cavalier at saying things like *God told me* this or that. I even journaled as such a few times last year. Sometimes what I mean is that I feel the Spirit leading in a certain way. But who am I to say what God's Will actually is before it happens? No, I *fled* Indiana and *came* to Florida. I made that decision. No one else told me to do anything of the sort...LOL It has turned out to be a great choice for the most part. But I cannot say whether or not there were also negative consequences to my moving here.

For example, I don't truly know how this has impacted my son or parents. All three tell me they want me to be happy. But what if they aren't telling me about their unhappiness? And if I say that *God told me* to move, then I'm excusing my actions if those actions did have a negative impact in anyway. Nope, I'm not going to be doing that anymore...LOL Of course, I have to trust my son and parents when they tell me they are happy for me. I have no reason to believe they aren't being honest. I just hope the growth I've experienced on this journey is making a positive impact on them as well.

I've stalled a little again on creativity...hehehe I have a painting to work on and some fictional writing cooking in my mind. I just haven't felt motivated to actually do the work...LOL I have a lot of things ready to be created. I hope to get back to it all soon. I'm not going to put any pressure on it, though. I'm just acknowledging it as something on my mind today...hehehe



## Photo a Day

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/19.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/19) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Bible in a Year

<!--@include: @/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/02/19.md{3,}-->

You can find [this reading](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/02/19) in the [Bible](/bible/) section too.