# TBD

I'm glad baseball season is back. It was so much fun getting back into that last year. I decided to go ahead and subscribe to MLB TV/Network this season. I wanted to be able to follow along with as many games as possible. I'll mention this again with yesterday's photo of the day below...hehehe

I'll be going to Disney this afternoon. I'm going to be hanging out with some friends. One of them is here from out of town. The others live near Disney. I don't get to see any of them very often. Only one of them I would consider a friend, actually. The others are acquittances. But we all of that one friend in common...hehehe

I bounced back and forth on what I'd be wearing today for my time at the parks. I thought about just blending in. I thought about doing my casual Olaf bound. I thought about doing a brown and green themed dapper. I've settled on the brown and green dapper. I'm happier in the dapper...hehehe

I've already started looking into summer dapper ideas. I found that they make some really nice clothes that are designed for hot weather. They are a little pricier than most of the things I've been getting. So that might be something I slowly grow over the years. But I also got several retro shirts that will work well in the hot weather. Those weren't expensive. So, I'm going to have some fun this summer with my parks attire...hehehe

This has been so much fun to explore. I didn't like how I looked when I was overweight. Now that I'm at a healthy size, I love how I look. My clothes are starting to match how I feel. I used to struggle with all of this. Now, I'm not struggling. I'm so happy and I'm enjoying the styles and looks I've been working on. Honestly, I never thought I'd ever be a person who would care what clothes I'm wearing. But here I am, getting into fashion...LOL The best part? I'm matching the clothes to how I already feel. Yes, it all makes me happy. But I'm already happy. This is just adding onto that feeling <3



## Photo a Day (Yesterday)

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/20.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/20) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Photo a Day (Today)

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/21.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/21) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.