# TBD

I'm glad baseball season is back. It was so much fun getting back into that last year. I decided to go ahead and subscribe to MLB TV/Network this season. I wanted to be able to follow along with as many games as possible. I'll mention this again with Thursday's photo of the day below...hehehe

I went to Disney yesterday. I hung out with some friends. One of them is here from out of town. The others live near Disney. I don't see any of them very often anymore. Only a few of them I would consider friends, actually. The others are acquittances. But we all of those few friends in common...hehehe

I bounced back and forth on what I'd be wearing yesterday for my time at EPCOT. I thought about just blending in. I thought about doing my casual Olaf bound. I thought about doing a brown and green themed dapper. I settled on the brown and green dapper. I'm happier in the dapper...hehehe

I've already started looking into summer dapper ideas. I found that they make some really nice clothes that are designed for hot weather. They are a little pricier than most of the things I've been getting. So that collection might be something I slowly grow over the years. But I also got several retro shirts that will work well in the hot weather. Those weren't expensive. So, I'm going to have some fun this summer with my parks attire...hehehe

This has been so much fun to explore. I didn't like how I looked when I was overweight. Now that I'm at a healthy size, I love how I look. My clothes are starting to match how I feel. I used to struggle with all of this. Now, I'm not struggling. I'm so happy and I'm enjoying the styles and looks I've been working on. Honestly, I never thought I'd ever be a person who would care what clothes I'm wearing. But here I am, getting into fashion...LOL The best part? I'm matching the clothes to how I already feel. Yes, it all makes me happy. But I'm already happy. This is just an outward expression of how I'm feeling <3

Overall, I had a good time at EPCOT. I was reminded once again that I don't prefer to be in groups at Disney...LOL My one friend, who is the friend that we all have in common, was trying to keep the group together the whole time. I hope he enjoyed his day balancing all of the subgroups. It wasn't a meetup or anything. We were all just hanging out. I think he got everyone together because his girlfriend was in from out of town. She's the friend from out of town I mentioned and the reason I was there yesterday...hehehe

I was able to see a lot of friends I hadn't seen since last June. So that was nice. They all seem to be doing well. A few of them wanted to ride Frozen Ever After...Olaf's ride as I call it...LOL I had to decline going on that one! Shocking, I know!!! But I was too hungry. At that point, I had only eaten a small breakfast around 9:30 or 10am. By that time, it was around 4pm. I needed to eat instead of see Olaf...LOL But this also gave me some one-on-one time with the friend who invited me. That was really nice. One-on-one is my preference...hehehe

I also got to meet a few new people in this experience. I had some great conversation with one of them. I hope to see him again sometime this year. He seemed like a really nice guy and it was fun to chat with him.

I went to Zen today for lunch. I spent way too long there...LOL But I enjoyed talking with the Saturday bartender friend of mine. She mentioned today that it always throws her off when I'm not there...LOL Last year, I went all the time. This year, it's about once every 2 to 3 weeks...LOL After that, I did my weekly grocery shopping to stock up for the week. I think I have enough food to get me through until my vacation the first week of March at Disney and Indiana.

I'm thinking about extending my trip to Indiana for an extra week. Right now, I'm only going to be there Friday (7th) and Saturday (8th). If I do extend it, I'll come home on the 15th instead. But this also means I'll be away from home for about 2 weeks. I haven't been away that long in quite sometime. My routine and food will be way off if I do this. But I also want to have more time with my son. So, I'm praying about that.

I didn't get to watch the game yesterday because I was at Disney. But Thursday and today, I was able to watch Dodgers Spring training. It has been nice to watch these games. They don't count for the season. But it's a first glimpse at this years team and potential new players. I imagine it is revealing what the team needs to work on going into the season. The season starts next month just before my birthday.

Last year, I journaled about how the Dodgers won the first Spring training game. I thought it would be great for them to win the World Series so they could also win the last games of the year...LOL Yep, they achieved that...HAHAHA I hope they don't do the opposite this year. They lost the first three games so far. I sure hope they don't lose the last game of the year...LOL I'd rather they still win that one because that would mean they'd be World Series Champions again...LOL

I received the notice for the lease renewal options at my apartment complex. It looks like they are happy to keep me here...LOL Not so happy that they are giving me a good deal...HAHAHA They want to increase my rent more than I like. Honestly, at this point, any increase is something I don't like because the actual value has decreased since I've lived here...hehehe But the increase isn't unlike the market. If I moved, I'd be paying more anyway. I'm sure that's the reason for the increase...hehehe

That is part of apartment living, actually. In years past, though, it seems the increases weren't that much each year and they always offered some sort of perk for staying. Something like a fresh coat of paint or deep cleaning the carpets. I plan to stay. So, going into my forth year, they are increasing rent again and not offering a perk like new paint or deep cleaning...LOL

It's kind of funny how I was thinking not long ago that I was ready to move. I also wanted to move a year ago. But now, I've found peace with living here and I'm focusing on what I love about it. I'm also going through a simplification process to minimize what is in my living space. That process is going really well and my home is becoming more relaxing for me.



## Photo a Day (Thursday)

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/20.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/20) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Photo a Day (Friday)

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/21.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/21) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Photo a Day (Today)

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/22.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/22) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.