# TBD

I didn't really talk about my day at Disney when I mentioned Saturday that I went on Friday...hehehe It was a good time overall. But it was a reminder that I don't prefer to be with large groups. This group wasn't very large, actually. And I don't think everyone was in one place at the same time. Subgroups of friends came and went throughout.

When I first got there, I got my passholder magnet. It's the Minnie Mouse one that I've been wanting. So, my collection is complete as of the post-2020 magnets. I really like this new generation of magnets. I collected them before. They were okay. But I didn't get to keep any of them. These new ones are special to me.

After I grabbed my magnet, I met up with the initial group of friends. We sat and talked for a bit. I was surprised they weren't out and about. They are just sitting at one of the food cafes there. But it turned out they were pretty tired. They had an early morning...hehehe So they were resting.

We went on Spaceship Earth after that. I was the odd man and got to ride it by myself. The others were paired up. The ride stopped twice...LOL I don't think I've ever had it stop for as long as it did this time. I've experienced the few times when they stopped it for someone who needed assistance getting on or off the ride. But this time, it was stopped for several minutes. So, that was a first for me...LOL

After that, some of the group wanted to go on Frozen Ever After. I would have loved do have done that too, considering it is Olaf's ride...LOL But I decided to skip it because I needed food. By that time, it was around 4:30ish and I had only eaten some fried rice around 10am at home. I don't think I would have made it through the line for Olaf...LOL One of my friends stuck with me and we had some one-on-one time as we ate some of the festival foods. I definitely preferred that one-on-one time over the group moments...hehehe

The one friend group at Olaf's ride was still in line. So, the two of us met up with another friend group over in the Italy pavilion. That was the drinking group. They had already had quite a bit to drink I think. They were buzzed. Since I don't drink anymore, I think that was my least favorite part of the night...LOL It was good to catch up with some of them, though. I need a couple of them and hadn't seen them in quite awhile.

By now, it was getting dark. There was another friend group waiting for us. So the one friend of mine and I broke away from the drinking group and met up with another friend group. In that group, I knew one of them. It was great seeing her. She had a boyfriend now. So I was able to meet him. It seems like a really nice guy! He and I talked quite a bit as we walked around. I enjoyed that part of the night. It felt very *Disney* since we just talked about the parks and other Disney stuff.

I definitely love talking about the Disney stuff. After all, we were at Disney...LOL I don't mind other conversations. But, for me, I'm there for Disney. When I meet up with friends, I am there for the shared Disney experience. That's just how I am, though. I don't expect others to be that way. I'm happy to talk about almost anything. The only thing I don't actually enjoy is the drinking groups...LOL Anyway, it was really nice to have that *Disney feel* for that moment with the new guy...hehehe

We eventually made our way over to Guardians of the Galaxy: Cosmic Rewind. This will be the last time I ride it using the Virtual Queue. That ends this week. They are going to a standard stand-by line going forward. You can still buy Lightning Lane for it, though. I was glad we got to ride it. I love that attraction.

Everyone broke away after that. A few of us went to grab a bit to eat before the food booths closed. Then the few of us left were done for the day and parted ways ourselves. I got my traditional coffees for the drive home.

## Photo a Day (Yesterday)

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/23.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/23) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Photo a Day (Today)

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/24.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/02/24) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.