# TBD

The past few days have been interesting and fun! Saturday, I traveled most of the day to California. Before I left Florida, I had lunch at Zen and had the opportunity to check out a car show in New Port Richey. My first flight was delayed a bit. But that didn't impact my second flight. I had a few moments when I thought it might. But I kept praying about it. I spent the first flight praying most of the 4 hours and 15 minutes we were in the air. I've never done that before. I typically have something to read or watch for such a long flight. I'm glad I chose to pray instead. I have a lot to pray about...hehehe The second flight was a little different. It was much shorter and the person next to me was great to talk with. I saw an opportunity to share Jesus with him. It turned out he is a Christian as well. So, although I didn't introduce him to Jesus, it was great to talk about Jesus...hehehe

I arrived safely in California on time. Although it was a long day, I stayed up as late as I could to be sure I would sleep in the next morning. That next day was my first Disney day for the trip. I didn't want to wake up too early because I had planned to stay at Disney for as long as I could. This is the first time I've been to Disneyland Resort. I wanted to take in as much as I could. I don't mean riding all of the attractions. I mean taking in the vibe, seeing the property, and do as many attractions as I felt I wanted to without waiting in long lines.

I didn't take a lot of pictures. I wanted to live in the moment. I did take a few, though. I have a few videos as well. I'm so glad I lived in the moment, though. I shared this special day with Cherie throughout my time there. It was fun thinking about how she has been to most of the places I went through. I even had the same potstickers she has had...hehehe I also recreated a photo she had taken back in May. We may try to recreate it again on Friday with the two of us...hehehe

I arrived to Disneyland for rope drop. There were a lot of people who did the same. Once those ropes dropped, everyone went to their favorite attractions. I just stood there and watched everyone start their magical day...hehehe Without looking at the map, I then began meandering around the park. Somehow, I ended up in New Orleans Square for my first attraction, Pirates of the Caribbean. After that, I did Haunted Mansion. Both were a splendid way to start my day! I followed that up with a trip to the bathroom and then the Pooh ride. Within the first hour of my visit, I had already completed three attractions! That's a great start indeed!

I then began to meander again. I was in search of something to eat. I ventured through Galaxy's Edge. It is very similar to the one in Florida. The entrances/exits are quite different. But once you are in the actually heart of it, it is exactly the same. So, I didn't really spend much time there. I still wish they had done it up differently. I get that it likely saved them money on the design and construction. But this is just an observation. Not really a complaint. I am a fan of Star Wars. But I don't really mind that both locations are the same.

I eventually ended up getting a ham and cheese croissant and a Joffrey's coffee. I sat on a bench across from the castle. I think this was my favorite moment of the day. It was wonderful watching everyone enjoying taking their pictures in front of the castle...hehehe A few people complimented me on my dapper attire...hehehe Ooh! Yeah, I dressed dapper...LOL I was planning to do that. And it ended up that it was also Dapper Day...hehehe My attire was a black and white them with mostly greys and some black. Now that I'm growing my hair again, including my VanDyke, even my hair matched the outfit...LOL I have what I call *salt and pepper* hair. Dark base with white/grey hairs sprinkled throughout.

After I was finished with my breakfast, I spotted a churro cart. I had heard the Disneyland churros were better than Disney World's. That honestly doesn't tell me much because the ones at WDW are not really that good to me. I've had them a few times and gave up on them...LOL Well, I'd have to say the Disneyland churro lived up to the hype! To describe it best they way I would, WDW churros are garbage. Disneyland churros are handed through a cloud of smoke by day and a pillar of fire by night...if you know what I mean...LOL

Next, I went into Tomorrow Land and rode the Nemo ride. Way back in the early 80s was the last time I had been on the Disney submarine ride. Back then, it was 20000 Leagues themed at Magic Kingdom. It no longer exists. I remember feeling like we had actually gone under the sea...LOL Now, as an adult, I clearly know that isn't what happens. But I was amazed at this ride! I loved it!

