# TBD

I've concluded my work week. I don't return to work until Tuesday. I have Monday off for Veteran's Day. In hindsight, had I realized I had that day off, I might have done this trip a little differently. I only learned of it the week before last...LOL But the good thing is I was able to accomplish a few other goals as a result of how things worked out. Plus, I get a day of rest after my trip home on Sunday...hehehe

One goal this week was to experience working the eastern time zone while living in the pacific time zone. After three straight days of this, I can safely say I absolutely love it! This benefit alone makes it worth relocating to the west coast of the country...LOL I went to bed around 10-10:30pm each night and was up by 4:30-5am. I slept great, was half way through my day by breakfast, completely finished with work by 2pm, and had the time between 2pm and 10pm to do whatever I wanted...hehehe

I somewhat have been doing that back home by staying up until about 1am and getting up around 7:30am. But it is way different doing it that way. Same amount of time, but at a different time of the local day. Meaning, far less daylight after I'm finished with work! This time of year, there isn't any daylight left after work back home. Here, I still had about 3 hours. I can imagine the amount of daylight in the summer being amazing here after 2pm...LOL I wouldn't necessarily do a lot outdoors in the summer. But there is plenty of amazing indoors things I could do with all that natural light. Like my paintings!

Another goal for the week was to be car-less. That went rather well. It cost a bit to get from the airport to the apartment. And it cost to get to Disneyland Resort. However, renting a car would have cost more. There are a few caveats to this, though. One, I'm walking around in a city. It isn't quite like LA was. But I did have a few moments when I heard someone walking behind me and the thought crossed my mind that I might get into some trouble. God kept me safe, though. Nothing ever happened. I have made sure I was back to the apartment before it got dark, too. Another caveat is that I'm limited on where I can go by walking. I can't walk to the ocean. There aren't any nice parks nearby either. But I at least now know a little how it feels to walk everywhere.

The walking around the area was nothing like how it was when I used to do it in my teens and early twenties. I didn't own a car until I was 23 when I moved to the city for the first time. Before that, I walked all over my hometown. As I've mentioned before, it was a quaint and sweet little town. So not really dangerous to walk around. Walking around a city can be quite stressful. Even though it was a car-less quest, it wasn't the ideal testing grounds...LOL

The food I've eaten was okay. The grocery idea didn't work out. The nearby grocery wasn't ideal. It was definitely not a Sprouts...LOL The restaurants I've tried were all pretty good, though. I just know it hasn't all been the quality wholesome foods I've grown accustomed to back home. That's okay. One last cheat week before I step back from eating out...LOL

Ooh! There is this little doughnut shop I've been going to each morning to get coffee, a pastry, and a doughnut or two. It is likely a chain. But it still felt local. It's called *Yes Donuts OC*. I just did a quick search and it looks like it is a mom and pop shop. The *OC* indicates Orange County. I did see another Yes Donuts that is either unrelated or just one other of two? Their food was good, the coffee adequate, and excellently friendly service. I'll not be going there tomorrow as it is a Disney Day. But I may go there one last time on Saturday.

The other coffee shop I tried was Papercup Coffee. I went there on my walkabout Monday. It is too far to have gone there during work hours. Yes Donuts is much closer and about 15 minutes round trip.

