# TBD

For the past few weeks, I've prayed until I fell asleep and awoken the next morning praying. And I've gotten great sleep in between. I'm not sure if there is a corelation or not? But it has been an amazing way to start and end my days lately. I think this may have started just before my trip or as the trip began. I don't recall the exact day, though.

I've enjoyed being able to walk around the little pond near my apartment again. I haven't walked as much this week as I did previously. That's mostly because of the time change. It gets dark by the time I'm finished with my dinner. It doesn't get dark as early as it does in California in their timezone, though. I suppose I could take a walk before I have dinner?

I'd like to get back to jogging as well. I do miss getting my heart rate up to that level. I'm no longer aiming at a race or in need of losing any weight. I just enjoy jogging...hehehe I love walking the most, though. So, it's great to be doing that at least. I walked quite a bit in California, by the way.

I didn't really eat a lot when I did eat last week. Coupled with how much I walked, I didn't gain any weight on the trip. I'm in maintenance mode now with my diet and exercise. I'm happy that I was able to mostly continue that while I was away from home. The only bad thing about it is I wasn't able to eat the wholesome foods I do at home. Not everything I ate was bad. But some of it was definitely very bad...LOL

I set a goal to stop eating out for a while after the trip. I'm happy to say I haven't eating out once since I got home. I went to the grocery Monday morning to stock up on food for the week. For breakfast, I've been having my cinnamon sourdough toast. For lunches, I've been having soup. Monday's dinner was chicken fried rice. And last night's dinner was chicken tacos. I think for dinner tonight, I might make chicken and rice with veggies. I'll do the chicken in the air fryer, steam the veggies, and use some of the extra rice left over from Monday.

I receive emails from my favorite restaurants daily. I thought about unsubscribing from their lists for a while to avoid the temptation of eating out. But I've decided to allow them to keep coming for now. After the past three years, I am finding it best to face these things. It leads me to prayer. Each time an email comes through, I pray a little and it has gotten easier to not think about going out...hehehe

I remain undecided about how long I'll be in Indiana. Work is the issue. Things are really ramping up and December is a huge month for my projects. With how I deal with these projects, I think it is probably best for me to remain home. Which means I might only go up the week of Thanksgiving and only have the holiday off while working the other four days from up there. That way I'm back home for the month of December to focus on the work that will really need my undivided attention.

That would mean this will be the first time I won't be in Indiana for Christmas. I've thought about flying up for a weekend in mid-December. But I think that won't actually work out. If I planned to stay up there for two weeks, I'd do the week of Thanksgiving and the following week; as it's the first week of December. So, regardless, I hadn't planned to be up for the day of Christmas anyway. I'm just not sure that's a good idea to be away from home the first week of December.

This is good to write about it, though. As I've stated several times, writing helps me process such things. So, talking about being on the fence about this is a good thing for me. I don't have a lot of time left to decide, though...hehehe

