# TBD

I'm going a little out of order with today's journal entry. I started one yesterday that isn't quite finished yet. I definitely plan to finish it, though. It is a story and not my typical journal writing. But today, I also have some things on my mind I wanted to talk about in my typical way...hehehe I'll probably work on that other entry today still. But it may not be ready for publishing until sometime this weekend. Stay tuned on that one!

Today is my maternal grandfather's birthday. He passed away 11 years ago last month. I [mentioned it in one of my previous entries](../10/29_no-title)...hehehe I sent a text to mom this morning wishing *him a Happy Birthday*. Sadly, she replied that she and I seem to be the only ones who remember. I've always been good with remembering dates that are important. Especially when they are important to someone else. I also sent a text to my aunt letting her know I loved her. But in her case, I didn't mention grandpa's birthday. Since he was estranged, she doesn't want anything to do with him or memories of him. She wasn't even at the funeral...hehehe I giggle...but it is really sad, actually. Sometimes I giggle because it's uncomfortable...LOL I'm glad to be writing about it, though. These things are important to me.

I have a bit of more sad news. As I believe I may have previously mentioned it was coming, all of my recent friends here in my apartment community have now officially moved. I'm back to not having any friends here. I'm honestly doing well with that. God prepared me for this. When I first learned that each of them were moving, I took it to God and He comforted me. A few of them moved last week while I was in California. The last of them moved last night.

Now for a bit of happy news...hehehe This weekend is my first Sunday back in physical church! Yay!!! The new satellite location for theChapel opens on Sunday. I don't really know what to expect in as far as the format. I just know it is in a movie theatre and the service will be on the big screen. The service time doesn't align with any services at the main campus. So, I'm not sure this will be a live service from that location. There is likely going to be either a delay from the first service that morning or some sort of prerecorded service? I guess I'll find out!

It will be nice to worship and fellowship with people in person again. It has been quite a while! The last time I went to a physical church was Calvary Chapel in Diamond Bar back on my trip to California in July...LOL