# Happy Birthday Grandpa, and other things...hehehe

I'm going a little out of order with today's journal entry. I started one yesterday that isn't quite finished yet. I definitely plan to finish it, though. It is a story and not my typical journal writing. But today, I also have some things on my mind I wanted to talk about in my typical journaling way...hehehe The other entry may not be ready for publishing until sometime this weekend. Stay tuned on that one!

Today is my maternal grandfather's birthday. He passed away 11 years ago last month. I [mentioned it in one of my previous entries](../10/29_no-title#_03-00pm)...hehehe I sent a text to mom this morning wishing *grandpa a Happy Birthday*. Sadly, she replied that she and I seem to be the only ones who remember. I've always been good with remembering dates that are important. Especially when they are important to someone else. I also sent a text to my aunt letting her know I loved her. But in her case, I didn't mention grandpa's birthday. Since he was estranged, she doesn't want anything to do with him or memories of him. She wasn't even at the funeral...hehehe I giggle...but it is really sad, actually. Sometimes I giggle because it's uncomfortable...LOL I'm glad to be writing about it, though. These things are important to me.

I have a bit of more sad news. I believe I may have previously mentioned it was coming, but all of my recent friends here in my apartment community have now officially moved. I'm back to not having any friends here. I'm honestly doing well with that. God prepared me for this. When I first learned that each of them were moving, I took it to God and He comforted me. A few of them moved last week while I was in California. The last of them moved last night.

Now for a bit of happy news...hehehe This weekend is my first Sunday back in physical church! Yay!!! The new satellite location for theChapel opens on Sunday. I don't really know what to expect in as far as the format. I just know it is in a movie theatre and the service will be on the big screen. The service time doesn't align with any services at the main campus. So, I'm not sure this will be a live service from that location. There is likely going to be either a delay from the first service that morning or some sort of prerecorded service? I guess I'll find out!

It will be nice to worship and fellowship with people in person again. It has been quite a while! The last time I went to a physical church was Calvary Chapel in Diamond Bar back on my trip to California in July...LOL

I'm also hoping to tune into the online feed for the church Cherie is currently tuning into herself. They are out of Virginia Beach. I'm interested in checking it out and joining her virtually again. That's something else I haven't done since that trip in July...hehehe I'm glad we've had the devotionals and now the Bible study to help us stay in fellowship together. But I also feel it important to worship and hear sermons together. We never talked much about the sermons or worship. This is more of a spiritual practice for me than a physical one. Whereas the devotionals and Bible study have been a mix of both since that trip in July.

Our time together in July was the first time we physically did a devotional together. Previous to my July trip, we only did the devotionals privately and shared our notes with each other. After that trip, we've consistently worked through a few of those and the Bible study on our mostly weekly video calls. It's a shared experience I cherish greatly. One I hope we can continue doing for a long time to come, Lord willing.

I made significant progress with work this week. The momentum of last week carried through to this week. I forsee a similar carry over into next week. I'm finally finding a productivity rhythm in the comfort of my own home without needing to break away to another location. Sure, this current momentum began while I was away last week in California...LOL But I've continued it throughout this week without needing to go hang out at Zen to keep it going like I've done many times throughout the year...LOL

I've successfully achieved my goal of eating at home all week. I've had three meals a day right at home. The exception was Monday when I didn't have breakfast. It was only two meals that day...LOL But the point is I haven't eaten out at all this week. I don't plan to eat out this weekend either. I'll go to the grocery tomorrow after lunch. Or maybe before. I don't know for sure. But it'll be before supper time.

I've decided not to go up to Indiana Thanksgiving week. I'll remain at home in Florida for the holiday. I've also decided I'll be going up in mid-December for a weekend only visit. My final decision was based on my job. The workload for the remainder of the year is just too great for me to attempt working from Indiana. I know I'll not be able to give it enough focus from my parents' house; which means I'd need to find a co-location workspace or something. It was just too much for me to bear for this year's holiday visit. This is a once in a lifetime event at work and truly needs my best focus. I'm a little sad that I've cut back on the time I'll have up there. But I'll plan a longer visit sometime next year.

I'll likely still join in on some of the holiday fun over FaceTime. I've done that before. And with how often I've done video calls this year with my two best friends, well, I've grown fond of video calls...LOL No, it isn't quite the same as actually being there. But yes, I still enjoy it very much. When I do these video calls, I give it my full attention. I'm still very present in person too, of course. But as someone who is more of a one-on-one person, family gatherings can get overwhelming. I don't mean that as a bad thing. I just prefer being able to give things my fully attention. For a family gathering I'm observing on a video call, I get to just focus on where the camera is pointed and I can listen to the ambience. Yes, I'm trying to find the silver lining here...LOL Is it working? Yes, yes it is. I genuinely am happy that the technology exists to still be there from so far away...hehehe

This has been a great week. I loved this week. I won't compare it to the amazing time I had last week in California. I like to appreciate each moment for what it is. Comparing will only rob the moments of the joy they bring. Instead, like last week, I'll love this week for the amazing thing it is <3