# TBD

I'm really glad I walked so much when I was in California the week before last. Although my eating habits weren't great on that trip, my walking habit was in full motion...hehehe That kept me moving when I returned. And I've continue with that strongly today.

I still remember when I decided to get up and walk in January 2023. I'm glad I listened to my heart that day. The spiritual, mental, and physical health journey I've been on since has been beyond anything I imagined back then. I'm nearly two years into this now. I'm so excited that God has given me the strength to keep going. I didn't know what to expect. I didn't know how long it would take. Being where I am today made it all worth it.

I've continued my discipline of eating at home. Some of my meals have been quite simple. Those are good when I don't feel like doing much food prep. But I've also made meals that required multiple cooking sessions. I've tried some new (to me) things as well. I'm mostly the type to just throw things together because it sounds good. There's a little bit of food science. As well as a lot of trial and error. I'm really pleased to be eating all of my meals at home, though. It is considerably cheaper and so much better for my health.

I had a really good day at work today. I'm continue to be productive and making headway on all the work I have to do before the end of the year. I'm glad I decided to remain at home to work through the holidays coming up. Being able to focus on the work will help get me across that finish line. The work I'm doing now will help ensure the work I need to do at the beginning of the year will go smoothly. I should be able to travel to Indiana and work from there in 2025...you know, without finding some alternate work location other than my parents' house...LOL

I had a great weekend. It went by rather quickly. I feel that's because it was pretty busy. Aside from church and my weekly calls I do on Sunday, most of the weekend was unplanned. And I still made some time to relax a little. So, by busy, I mean there weren't any moments where I was bored or had trouble finding something to do...hehehe

I made egg and veggie tacos for breakfast on Saturday. And then I made chorizo tacos for lunch. I had tacos five times last week in total. Yeah, I love tacos! Real tacos, though. Not those things that Taco Bell claims are tacos. Or what one gets at a "Mexican" restaurant. And for me, part of that is the kind of spice level that clears the sinuses...LOL Yep, real tacos...LOL I'll be making tacos again this week...hehehe

I did my grocery shopping on Saturday this time. I liked going that day. I rarely do so on Saturday. It wasn't too busy in the afternoon. But they didn't have my sourdough...ugh! Instead, I got some Dave's Killer Bread Epic Everything bagels...hehehe I don't always get those. So, it has been a nice change for this week.

I'm thinking about adding a grocery trip to my schedule mid-week. Perhaps on Wednesdays. Some of what I get only lasts a few days. So I either have to go through it quickly or I just skip it sometimes. Avocados are one of those things. I can't get a week's supply. So, having a twice a week visit will help me get those sort of things to have as often as I'd like. It's worth a try at least. Which I also find to be a good thing to get me out of the house. Last week, I didn't go anywhere all week after my grocery trip when I got back from California. I don't mind staying at home all the time. But it's nice to get out a little more than just the one time.

After I had dinner on Saturday, I drove down to visit with my sister for a bit. I told her all about my trip. I think we hung out for about four or so hours. That was nice. She didn't mention it yet, but I hear she's planning to invite me to her place for Christmas this year. I'm not sure if I'll be doing that or going to Disney. If I don't do Disney, I'll go to her place if she does end up inviting me.

The Disney thing is more of a once in a lifetime kind of thing. I'm considering giving up my annual pass next year. So, I thought about doing Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Years at Disney. I've never gone on Christmas, but have on the other two. I hear Christmas is the busiest day at WDW. It would be fun to see it for myself at least once. I just need to be sure not to be at Magic Kingdom at the end of the day...LOL Getting out of there near closing is horrible since the parking lot isn't nearby. The other parks at least have a parking lot accessible. Magic Kingdom requires transportation to get to the parking lot.