# TBD

Unintentionally, I stumbled into a well balanced routine once again...hehehe I had a well tuned routine I established in July that was disrupted by hurricanes, among other things, in September through October. I pretty much gave up on trying to reestablish my preferred routine and started just going with whatever the day would bring. Aside from my major responsibilities such as work, of course.

Well, my California trip seems to have reset me a bit...LOL These past few weeks have been a return of a well tuned and balanced set of tasks that leave me feeling great most days. I hadn't planned on any of it. It all sort of just happened. Yesterday and today, I observed I had been doing the same things every day since my return. Sure, it hasn't been that long. But the fact I've pretty much held to the same schedule every day was a bit of a surprise.

August of 2023 was when I did my first real cosplay experience. I did the Star Wars Starcruiser *trip* in a galaxy far, far away...hehehe I created a character named Major Voss (pronounced Boss). I was a former imperial officer until I was trapped on a planet at the fall of the empire and became a scavenger. I eventually met up with and became part of the crew of the *Wicked Wench* and became a spice smuggler. We had an opportunity to smuggle spice onto the Starcruiser, Halcyon. Lady H as we called her. In a twist of fate, we ended up become smugglers of something far more valuable than spice. Cheese became our bounty. And the galaxy was ours! LOL

It was fun to come up with a few costumes for that experience. Later, in October, I had another opportunity to dress as Major Voss. During my parents' 50th anniversary celebration at WDW, Malachi and I dress in our Star Wars cosplay. He was an officer of the First Order. People at Galaxy's Edge thought we were Cast and I was able to help those guests...LOL Both that Starcruiser experience and my time with Malachi sparked something in me...hehehe

Those experiences led me to last Thanksgiving when I did an Olaf Disney bound outfit for my Friendsgiving at EPCOT. I wore a brown long sleeve (to present Olaf's branch arms), I white shirt over the brown that had three large black *coals*, and a hat that I made a comical branch coming out of to represent an Olaf head of *hair*. I also wore black round lens sunglasses to represent Olaf's eyes. But I only wore those in the sun. It was cute and really fun! I got a lot of compliments and my interactions with the princesses at our dining experience was amazing. At the end of the day, I was at the Port Orleans Riverside resort and a family noticed me. The mother pointed over at me and told her small children that I was Olaf. It warmed my heart...hehehe I have since worn this outfit just for fun...LOL Including on Halloween this year.

The joy it brought me to be a Star Wars character and bounding as Olaf led to me joining in on the fun at this years Spring Dapper Day at EPCOT in April. I was on the fence about it leading up to the day. But I remembered how fun it was being Major Voss and Olaf. I didn't bound as a character. But dressing up for a day at the park was just as exciting as doing a Disney bound. It was as if I had stepped back in time when everyone would dress up for a day out. People use to dress up for things like amusement parks and sporting events. I felt like I was character again. Someone thought I was Cast that day too...LOL Which felt odd considering there were so many other people also dressed up that day. But that's all part of the fun for me!

Quick side note: my last wedding was at Disney. We all dressed up dapper that day too. Even our guests decided to dress up. It was amazing. A few of us fielded questions from other guests throughout the day because people kept thinking we were Cast. We all knew so much about Disney that we were able to answer all of the questions. So much fun...hehehe

When Cherie and I planned our Disney day, we decided to do matching dapper outfits. When we figured out the day we were going, I thought about doing an extra day at the parks by myself. I wanted to have two days to take it all in with this being my first visit to Disneyland Resort. I was going to dress up both days because it just brings so much joy to me. And then I found out that one of the days I was going to be in California was an official Dapper Day...hehehe So, that's the other day that I went. It was great to be able to do a Dapper Day in WDW in Spring and then again in DLR in the Fall.

Which brings me to my latest adventures...hehehe I've decided I'll be doing Disney for Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's Eve. I'll also be doing the *Holiday Outing* Dapper Days on Dec 7 & 8. I plan to dress dapper for all of these events. Unexpectedly, I'll now be having five new dapper experiences to finish off my year. Oh fun is that?!?

For Thanksgiving, I'll spend most of the day at Hollywood Studios. I've designed a 1920's era outfit. The *roaring 20's* as it was called. Now, 100 years later, I'm stepping back in time for a holiday experience I'm unlikely to forget. The colors are browns and tans mostly. I'll have a red and white bow tie with red and white garters for my arms. I'll have a pocket watch to adorn the vest. I'm currently planning to have lunch and dinner there. Lunch is a The Brown Derby. Dinner at 50's Prime Time Café. Dining plans may change. I'd rather have lunch at Prime Time. But it's a tough one to get in anyway. I was barely able to snag dinner...hehehe I'll likely ride many of the attractions and I do hope to get several PhotoPass photos throughout the day.

The *Holiday Outing* Dapper Day on Dec 7 will be at Hollywood Studios. For that day, I'll be in Olaf themed dapper attire. White shoes, pants, and vest with an orange neck tie, orange and white garters for my arms, a brown dress shirt, and a dapper straw hat with a red and green ribbon. I'll also have a wooden cane. I may add some holiday cheer to the cane as well. There is a meetup at 5pm that night that I'm currently planning to attend. I'm on the fence about going to the Jollywood event that night. I'd love to do it. But then I'd have to get a room to stay the night as it goes pretty late. I'll think about it...hehehe

