# TBD

I didn't take the time to work on my new project tonight. After dinner, I called my parents for my weekly call with them. It got a little late. I'm writing this at about the time I normally sit down to work on that project. But my brain doesn't want to be creative tonight...LOL So, I'm writing a brief journal entry instead...hehehe

I'm watching Monsters Inc as I write. It came up in my talk with Cherie today...HAHAHA I just had to watch it because of her...HAHAHA

I'm really enjoying our Bible study. I'm glad God brought us to this study after our devotionals this year. I'm sure we'll do the fifth devotional if it comes out next year. But in the meantime, we still have the Bible studies. We'll be starting the second one next month. But one thing I noticed in my notes today is that I tend to write more of a *Sunday school* answer in some of my responses. I've been finding myself expanding on what I wrote by simply talking with her. What I may do with the lesson this week is be more conversational with my responses. Basically, take a more casual approach instead of a formal writing approach. It seems as though I was once a bit more casual than I've been writing lately. I'm not sure why I drifted back to a more formal style. It probably doesn't really matter overall since we do discuss these together. But I want to improve how I communicate in general.

Both church services today were a blessing. They typically are. But today felt especially blessed. With Community United Methodist, the passage was about the 10 lepers where 9 of them went on their merry way and 1 remained to praise God. This past week's episode of *The Chosen* had the healing of a leper...hehehe I loved how there was some relation between the episode and the that sermon; although not directly.

The message at theChapel was reassurance of something I've been going through since October last year. I won't go through the whole message. But one thing I took away was the importance of spiritual discipline. My prayer and Bible time over this past year are building my faith in preparation for all that God has been transforming my heart for...a relationship with Him...hehehe Most of my life, I've had a passive relationship with Him. Now, I'm taking an active role in that relationship. It has been life changing <3

My call with mom and dad went well. We typically discuss everything about our lives since our last call.