# TBD

I didn't take the time to work on my new project these last few nights. After dinner Sunday, I called my parents for my weekly call with them. It got a little late. I started writing this Sunday night at about the time I normally sit down to work on that project. But my brain didn't want to be creative that night...LOL Last night, my path didn't take me to the keyboard at all...hehehe So, I'm finishing this entry today. I also hope to get back to my project tonight. I'm close to finishing the story I'm currently working on.

I watched Monsters Inc Sunday night. It came up in my talk with Cherie that day...HAHAHA I just had to watch it because of her...HAHAHA The movie has a new special meaning and connection for us now. I love when that happens <3

I'm really enjoying our Bible study. I'm glad God brought us to this study after our devotionals this year. I'm sure we'll do the fifth devotional if it comes out next year. But in the meantime, we still have the Bible studies. We'll be starting the second one next month. But one thing I noticed in my notes Sunday is that I tend to write more of a *Sunday school* answer in some of my responses. I've been finding myself expanding on what I wrote by simply talking with her on our call. What I may do with the lesson this week is be more conversational with my responses. Basically, take a more casual approach instead of a formal writing approach. It seems as though I was once a bit more casual than I've been writing lately. I'm not sure why I drifted back to a more formal style. It probably doesn't really matter overall since we do discuss these together. But I want to improve how I communicate in general.

Both church services Sunday were a blessing. They typically are. But this time felt especially blessed. With Community United Methodist, the passage was about the 10 lepers where 9 of them went on their merry way and 1 remained to praise God. This past week's episode of *The Chosen* had the healing of a leper...hehehe I loved how there was some relation between the episode and that sermon; although not directly.

The message at theChapel was reassurance of something I've been going through since October last year. I won't go through the whole message. But one thing I took away was the importance of spiritual discipline. My prayer and Bible time over this past year are building my faith in preparation for all that God has been transforming my heart for...a relationship with Him...hehehe Most of my life, I've had a passive relationship with Him. Now, I'm taking an active role in that relationship. It has been life changing <3 The movie the message was based on was *Young Woman and the Sea*. I ended up watching the full film last night before my shower and bed. It's a great story and excellent film. As it is a Disney film, it is now available on Disney+...hehehe

I wrote a three paragraph rant this morning about a new property development I learned about today. After I wrote it, I wanted to delete it. I prayed about how I felt. Although my feelings were quite valid, I didn't want to feel the way I did in that moment. I wasn't really praying for peace. I was more praying for a changed heart; which in turn brought me peace.

Part of what I've been experiencing this year is knowing that I'm always in just the right place. All I really desire to do now is pay attention to why God has me where I am in any given moment. As a human, though, I still have my moments where my mind goes down a negative path. There isn't anything wrong with that so long as it brings me back to God. I'm glad I found my way back this time to find the positive feelings about something I find so negative...hehehe

Here is the rant to provide context to what I'm saying. I made it collapsible so we can skip it if we want...hehehe I'm glad I wrote it because it helped me get my feelings out of my head. This helped me realize I just don't want to feel like that anymore.

::: details Mini Rant
Today I discovered there is a new property development project happening near where I live. It is to be the largest sports and entertainment destination in the country. Not that I really *needed* another reason to move...LOL But I definitely do not want to be here while they build it or even after it is complete. The traffic here is already horrific. The last thing this area needs is something else to bring in more people.

I love the climate in Florida. I love the wildlife here. And I love Disney. But Florida keeps getting worse with all of these property developments. If Florida continues to develop the land to attract more and more people from all over the world, Florida will stop being Florida. The habitats for wildlife are dwindling more rapidly than ever. It makes me sad. I may have to go back to thinking of Florida as a place I vacation.

I've been talking about moving for most of the year. Part of me wants to stay in Florida someplace. I know at some point I'll be living in California. I don't know the timing of anything, though. California may not even be my final destination. Plus, there could be other stops before I get there. Indiana is still a possibility for a season. But this latest development tells me that where I currently live is definitely not for me anymore...hehehe
:::

Last week, I wrote about stumbling upon a new routine. Of course, after writing that, my routine has already shifted a bit...hehehe Not as drastically as before, though. One thing I hope to get back to tonight is writing. Besides this journal, of course. The routine I fell into afforded me some creative time in the evenings. I haven't been doing that for a few days. But that's okay. I'm not going to pressure myself into it. Creativity must grow naturally for me. Otherwise, things just won't turn out the way they are supposed to...LOL

I've been doing well keeping to my goal of eating at home. The exception was Saturday when I enjoyed the final day of the Food and Wine Festival at EPCOT. I'll also be going to Hollywood Studios for Thanksgiving. Other than those times, I've consistently remained in my own kitchen. Nothing I'm making is advanced in any way. I've been keeping it simple and the results have proven to be quite enjoyable. Plus, I feel fantastic. As good as places like Zen and Disney claim to be with their ingredients, there really is no better way than to prepare food myself.

Nothing makes me more happy than choosing happiness...LOL Yeah, that sounds like a silly statement. Yeah, the saying goes *happiness is a choice*. I read a post where someone started it off with *nothing makes me happier than...* My first thought was the first sentence of this paragraph...hehehe

Today I discovered why my path didn't take me to Indiana. My human understanding was that it related to my job. But deep down, I felt like it was a door that wasn't open for me. It was similar to the doors being shut on my idea to be in California in September. The last time I was in Indiana, I attended my parents' church. Later I found out my presence that day had upset someone. Well, today I saw a recording from the church that showed the worship team's rehearsal from this past Sunday. The person who was upset by my presence last time was on the worship team this week. I would have been there on Sunday had I gone up this week. The potential of my presence being a disruption to worship makes me thankful I wasn't there.

I'm not saying I am so important that I would have actually been the cause of a problem. What I'm saying is that the person in question is *that* upset with me. It would have been their reaction to my presence that would have been the problem. That is certainly their burden to bear. However, it is on me to love as Jesus loves. Once they are able to forgive, my presence will not disrupt worship. Until then, I will not knowingly cross that line. If they are simply sitting with the congregation, I’ll gladly be present regardless. I pray someday they experience the healing I have. They need to forgive me for their sake and for their relationship with God.

When I was there last time, I did inquire as to whether or not they would be present. My parents weren't quite sure if they'd be there or not. But mom and dad did know they weren't going to be on the worship team that week. So I gladly went to the church. I was joy filled when I saw them and realized I had experienced healing from what had happened so many years ago. When I later discovered they were upset by my presence, I prayed for them to experience the healing I have. But that will take forgiveness on their part. That's what it took for me. I had to forgive them for the role they played in what happened.

When I talked to mom about this, she told me I am always welcome to their church. I know I am. And if I were to move back to Indiana, I'd likely rejoin the congregation. Then, and only then, do I feel I'll have any true right to be there even if my presence is upsetting. For now, I'm simply a visitor. I'm one who believes the *iron sharpens iron* philosophy applies to the local *body* we are a member of. I have a call with Pastor Doug next week. He's the pastor of all who are involved with this. Perhaps I'll bring this up with him. I do hope to attend the church on December 15th.

