# So, is this the place to be?!?

I didn't take the time to work on my new project these last few nights. Saturday, I was at Disney all day and ended my day journaling about the day...LOL After dinner Sunday, I called my parents for my weekly call with them. It got a little late. I started writing this journal entry Sunday night at about the time I normally sit down to work on that project. But my brain didn't want to be creative that night...LOL Last night, my path didn't take me to the keyboard at all...hehehe So, I'm finishing this entry today and I hope to get back to my project tonight. I'm close to finishing the story I'm currently working on.

I watched Monsters Inc Sunday night. It came up in my talk with Cherie that day...HAHAHA I just had to watch it because of her...HAHAHA The movie has a new special meaning and connection for us now. I love when that happens <3

I'm really enjoying our Bible study. I'm glad God brought us to this study after our devotionals this year. I'm sure we'll do the fifth devotional if it comes out next year. But in the meantime, we still have the Bible studies. Three more after our current one. We'll be starting the second one next month. But one thing I noticed in my notes Sunday is that I tend to write more of a *Sunday school* answer in some of my responses. I've been finding myself expanding on what I wrote by simply talking with her on our call. What I may do with the lesson this week is be more conversational with my responses. Basically, take a more casual approach instead of a formal writing approach. It seems as though I was once a bit more casual than I've been writing lately. I'm not sure why I drifted back to a more formal style. It probably doesn't really matter overall since we do discuss these together. But I want to improve how I communicate in general.

Both church services Sunday were a blessing. They typically are. But this time felt especially blessed. With Community United Methodist, the passage was about the 10 lepers where 9 of them went on their merry way and 1 remained to praise God. This past week's episode of *The Chosen* had the healing of a leper...hehehe I loved how there was some relation between the episode and that sermon; although not directly.

The message at theChapel was reassurance of something I've been going through since October last year. I won't go through the whole message. But one thing I took away was the importance of spiritual discipline. My prayer and Bible time over this past year are building my faith in preparation for all that God has been transforming my heart for...a relationship with Him...hehehe Most of my life, I've had a passive relationship with Him. Now, I'm taking an active role in that relationship. It has been life changing <3 The film the message was based on was *Young Woman and the Sea*. I ended up watching the full film last night before my shower and bed. It's a great story and excellent film. As it is a Disney film, it is now available on Disney+...hehehe

Last week, I wrote about stumbling upon a new routine. Of course, after writing that, my routine has already shifted a bit...hehehe Not as drastically as before, though. One thing I hope to get back to tonight is writing. Besides this journal, of course. The routine I fell into afforded me some creative time in the evenings. I haven't been doing that for a few days. But that's okay. I'm not going to pressure myself into it. Creativity must grow naturally for me. Otherwise, things just won't turn out the way they are supposed to...LOL

I've been doing well keeping to my goal of eating at home. The exception was Saturday when I enjoyed the final day of the Food and Wine Festival at EPCOT. I'll also be going to Hollywood Studios for Thanksgiving. Other than those times, I've consistently remained in my own kitchen. Nothing I'm making is advanced in any way. I've been keeping it simple and the results have proven to be quite enjoyable. Plus, I feel fantastic. As good as places like Zen and Disney claim to be with their ingredients, there really is no better way than to prepare food myself.

Nothing makes me more happy than choosing happiness...LOL Yeah, that sounds like a silly statement. Yeah, the saying goes *happiness is a choice*. I read a post where someone started it off with *nothing makes me happier than...* My first thought was the first sentence of this paragraph...hehehe

Someone mentioned to me this morning that this was a short week for me...LOL I told them I'm only taking Thursday off. They assumed I had Friday off. Well, technically I do, actually. The company codes the day as a personal holiday. Which means I can use the *holiday* at another time of my choosing. So, I'm choosing to work this Friday and use the personal holiday on December 31st instead. For me, that makes the most sense. I might be the only one working Friday, though...LOL I could take the day and also use regular time off for New Year's Eve. Personally, I'd rather just work Friday.

I looked into moving my Indiana weekend to the weekend following the one I have already booked. The extended family gathering is the weekend after I plan to be there. I could probably make it work out to switch the weekends. But I feel like I should keep to my original plan. One benefit to keeping it as-is is that I'll have more quality time with Malachi. If I switched, a large portion of the weekend would be doing family events. He doesn't have the energy for that right now. So, I'd get less one on one time with him and likely wear him out so much that it might diminish the quality of what little time we would have left.

I keep telling myself that this year's holiday circumstances are just for this year. Although that is quite true, I still don't want to face it. I'll make the most of it, of course. I'm just not so proud that I can't admit it makes me a little sad. My propensity for a positive heart posture is something I'm well known for. But I don't allow it to become toxic. As I look to be content with the circumstances this holiday season, I'll also embrace what I can learn from the parts of my heart that hurt.

Of course, it doesn't hurt that I'm going to be at Disney World for the holidays...LOL But I'll also admit that it is more than just me going to *The Most Magical Place on Earth*. The Cast working those days will be away from their families. So, one of my ambitions for these visits will be to engage with Cast as much as possible. I want them to feel loved as they are away from loved ones and working a holiday. With the exception of Thanksgiving, the International Cast at EPCOT are especially in need of love. Not only are they working on a holiday, they won't be going to their real homes after work to see family. For them, Christmas and New Year's are completely away from what they know and love most.

I left Thanksgiving out because that is an *American* only holiday. Canada has one. And I imagine other countries might have something similar as well. But only USofA celebrates *this* version of Thanksgiving...hehehe Regardless, though, this Thursday will be a great opportunity to begin engaging a little extra with even the International Cast.

I say *extra* because I engage with them a lot already...LOL And I tend to do more of that when I'm dressed up. I'm not really *in character* when I dress up. I'm just more confident in myself. It's almost as if I'm more *me* when I dress up...hehehe

An example of what I'm talking about happened this past Saturday. Just before the Encanto performance, I walked right up and stood next to a Cast Member who was tasked with keeping one of the performance areas clear of guests. I was dressed in my Olaf bound at the time...hehehe I asked, *So, is this the place to be?!?* I typically start with a silly ice breaker like that to judge how engaging the person will be...LOL Her response indicated to me that she would have fun talking with me. So, we carried on a conversation for a little bit.

I walked away for a short period of time and engaged with other guests who commented on my Olaf attire...hehehe Just before the performance was to begin, I walked back up to the same Cast Member and said, *Thank you for saving my spot!* LOL We both laughed...hehehe She hadn't actually saved my spot...LOL I was just being silly again. When the performance began, I captured a quick video and then stepped back behind the crowd. I hadn't planned on watching the entire thing from the front row...hehehe I wanted to give children a chance to have a better view. I could still see everything just fine from behind...hehehe

Ooh! As I was talking with her the first time, someone came up to me to ask a question presuming I was Cast...LOL I answered their question and then said, *But I don't work here...* and kindly gestured to the Cast Member standing next to me. I know they were asking me the question because they looked me straight in the face as if the real Cast Member wasn't even standing there...LOL

Well, I think I'll get to work on some creative writing. Perhaps I can wrap up that story I started working on last week...hehehe