# TBD

It has been a while since my last entry. I've been busy. I've had a lot on my mind. And I just didn't make time for this...LOL Sorry to be so blunt. I am just being honest. I haven't made the time. I've had time. I suppose I just didn't want to write here. Which feels odd to say since I love writing so much. I hope to get back to being consistent again, though.

I traveled up to Indiana for half the month in June. I had a good time and I'm grateful for all that happened while I was there. That's part of the reason I didn't write. I wanted to prioritize time with family. I didn't visit with any friends like I originally wanted to. As the time for my trip approached, I decided family was going to be my focus.

All of my other writing projects have been on hold as well. I was making great progress in May. But June was sort of a break from all of that too. I did do some handwritten journaling on my Kindle Scribe. As I go through those writings and notes, some of those things may come out in this journal or in my other writing projects. So, it wasn't a complete hiatus from writing out thoughts.

We are officially half way through this calendar year. Today is dad's birthday. I'm feel Blessed to still have him. We had some good moments for just the two of us while I was up for my visit. I don't get a lot of that anymore. It's mostly time with both of my parents when he is around. I did get quite a bit of time with my mom alone, though. I had some precious moments with my son. I had half a day with my niece as we went kayaking. And I spent an evening one on one with my brother.

I've been with my current company for a year now. Although I've been doing this job for more than 5 years now, I transitioned to this company on July 1st last year. Things are still going well here. We are about to get news about new job titles...LOL And we will be doing the annual employee goals and reviews this year. None of these things make any difference for what I do here, though. It is all corporate things that I guess all companies do. I've accepted that it is part of the job and just go with the flow. But it honestly makes no impact on what I do or how I feel about myself. That's a sobering thought.

A year ago, I was about to go on my first California adventure. It was a trip that has changed my life in so many ways. Part of my wanted to plan to be in California this week again. But I prioritized my trip to Indiana. And rightfully so, of course. I'm currently planning a trip to California next month, though. And again in November. My trip last November was also life changing. There's something special about those trips. I'm grateful for what God is showing me. Over the next few days, I'll be reading what I journaled last year about the trip.

We will be wrapping up season 4 Bible study for *The Chosen*. We took a couple of breaks between May and June. Otherwise we would have already completed it. I'm working through lesson 8 this week. I had already finished lesson 7. We'll go over these final 2 lessons this week. The season 5 devotional came in and I'll be sending that to Cherie. She should be receiving it next week. It has been a while since we have working through one of those. We've been doing the Bible studies since October. The next Bible study may not be available in Kindle until next month? The episodes are available on Amazon Prime today. I think they land in the app in September? So, we can work through the devotional first and see where things are after that. Once we get through the Bible study, though, we won't have any more *The Chosen* things until season 6 comes out late next year and into 2027. What will God lead us to next and in the meantime?

I know things may not always work out this way, but I'm glad our next video call is on the one year anniversary of the day we had our LA adventure. We also had a video call on the one year anniversary of our very first video call. I love when the timing works out like that. I seem to have a strong connection to dates and important memories.

