# TBD

I finally feel like I'm back to my routine...hehehe I've actually been home for a week now. But things hadn't really returned back to normal until yesterday...LOL I still don't quite have my sleep schedule on track, though. I'm not sure what that even looks like right now...LOL But most everything else is back to a sort of normal feeling.

I made tacos for dinner tonight. I really missed my tacos...LOL I did them a little different than I ever have. But they were still *my* tacos. I included sauerkraut! I missed that soo much...hehehe I hadn't had kraut in more than 3 weeks! How did I survive?!? HAHAHA j/k

This was the first meal I truly cooked in over 3 weeks, too. I had traveled for over 2 weeks. And this whole past week was mostly just warming up frozen dinners or easy meals. I haven't been eating out since I got back, thankfully. But nothing I had been eating at home required my cooking skills...hehehe.

I've also been able to watch the Dodgers games more lately. They haven't been playing well...LOL But it has been nice to watch baseball again.

Speaking of baseball, I get to see a live game at Angels Stadium next month! YAY!!! Cherie and I will be having a vacation together in August. The first night is a game. She's taking me to my first game in over 30 years! I'm beyond words excited! The next day, we will have a Disney Day. And the day after that, a more relaxing day doing things like Downtown Disney.

I'll already be at the hotel when she arrives. So I will likely walk over to ARTIC to greet her when she gets off the train. That's where we said our last goodbye...hehehe It will be special to see her again at the place where we were last together. I'll see her off when she heads home too. This will be a lovely way to begin and end our time together.

We started our new devotional today. We haven't actually done one of those in a while. We've been doing the Bible studies since October. It will be a nice change of pace for the next few months going through this devotional. Instead of doing it daily like before, we plan to do 5 days a week. So, it will take us 8 weeks. I love that because it will give us some sabbath time too.

