# Tacos, Memories, and Disney

I finally feel like I'm back to my routine...hehehe I've actually been home for a week now. But things hadn't really returned back to *normal* until yesterday...LOL I still don't quite have my sleep schedule on track, though. I'm not sure what that even looks like right now...LOL But most everything else is back to a sort of normal feeling. Luckily, I'm still sleeping well. It just doesn't seem to be at the same time everyday...LOL

I made tacos for dinner tonight. I really missed my tacos...LOL I did them a little different than I ever have. But they were still *my* tacos. I included sauerkraut! I missed that soo much...hehehe I hadn't had kraut in more than 3 weeks! How did I survive?!? HAHAHA j/k

This was the first meal I truly cooked in over 3 weeks, too. I had traveled for over 2 weeks. And this past week was mostly just warming up frozen dinners or easy meals. I haven't been eating out since I got back, thankfully. But nothing I had been eating at home required my cooking skills...hehehe.

I've also been able to watch the Dodgers games more lately. They haven't been playing well...LOL But it has been nice to watch baseball again.

Speaking of baseball, I get to see a live game at Angels Stadium next month! YAY!!! Cherie and I will be having a vacation together in August. The first night is the game. She's taking me to my first game in over 30 years! I'm beyond excited! The next day, we will have a Disney Day at the parks. And the day after that, a more relaxing day doing things like Downtown Disney and exploring the resort hotels.

I'll already be there when she arrives. So I will likely walk over to ARTIC to greet her when she gets off the train. That's where we said our last goodbye...hehehe It will be special to see her again at the place where we were last together. I'll see her off when she heads home too. This will be a lovely way to begin and end our time together.

We started our new devotional today. We haven't actually done one of those in a while. We've been doing the Bible studies since October. It will be a nice change of pace for the next few months going through this devotional. Instead of doing it daily like before, we plan to do 5 days a week. So, it will take us 8 weeks. I love that because it will give us some sabbath time too. That was her idea. I'm so glad she thought of sabbaths <3

A year ago yesterday, Cherie and I had our adventure in LA. Although we both agree that we really don't want to have another *adventure* in downtown LA...HAHAHA...we have some great memories. Future LA adventures will be at places like the museum and rose garden...hehehe Everything we talk about doing is away from the parts of the city we explored that day. I'm grateful for that day, though. Especially our time at the Walt Disney Concert Hall Garden. It was the first time we did the Bible devotional in person. We also exchanged gifts. She shared one of her *The Only Bar* food bars with me too...hehehe Our time in that garden was my favorite moment of the day. But the whole day was amazing <3

The next day, a year ago today, I went to the arboretum. That was a special experience for my relationship with God. I haven't yet read my journal from that day today. I'll do that later tonight or tomorrow. I remember the day really well.

I haven't been to Disney in a month. And I don't have plans to go again before my Disneyland adventure next month. It feels a little weird to not be at Disney...LOL Maybe I should wake up one day and just go? I was thinking about my annual pass the other day. I have to go at least once a month to make it worth having. There are times when I go multiple times in a single month. That offsets these months when I don't go. But I am thinking about whether or not I'll keep doing the annual pass. I do love the magnets I get. The discounts aren't worth it for me. I like that I can go whenever I want. But I'm also thinking about how special it feels when I buy a day ticket. Even if I'm not there all day, it *feels* different...and better in a way. I just need to decide if I'll be going often enough to justify the price of the annual pass or if the occasional day ticket will be better for me. The magnets themselves aren't worth it...LOL