# TBD

Well, I've had tacos 3 nights this week so far...LOL Did I mention I missed tacos?!? HAHAHA j/k

Something else that seems to be back so far is my late night schedule. I've been staying up later this week...hehehe I suppose that's good for my upcoming California trip. Plus it seems that I'm doing more each day again. I remember when I first did this shifted schedule last year and how much more I seemed to do everyday. Well, it isn't so much *how* much I get done each day. It's more about how I feel less rushed to do everything I love doing each day. Which is also less stressful. So, I'm actually just more productive...LOL

A few months ago, I cut down how much I've been walking. But then this week, I seem to be back up to 3 miles. This time, I'm doing all 3 miles in the evening. Earlier this year, I would do 3 one mile walks throughout the day. I had cut that down to just a single 1 mile walk in the evening. I didn't plan to start walking 3 miles...LOL It just sort of started happening.

I am back to my weekly call with mom and dad. I hadn't called them in a while...mostly because I was visiting them in Indiana...LOL Last week, I didn't call because I had just finished my visit...hehehe So, tonight, I gave them a call. We talked for just over an hour. It was great to talk to them <3

Work has been going really well this week. I've been very productive. It has been hard to get back to my rhythm after *Big Bang* weekend in May. But this week, things seem to be going really well. I've had 3 really good days overall. Not just with work. Maybe it's this sleep schedule? Hmmm...hehehe

Something else that I'm enjoying this week is *The Chosen* devotional, book 5. I'm 3 days into it. It had been so long since we've done the devotionals that I had forgotten how much I loved the format.

This weekend, I'm hoping to get my car's oil change done. And I hope to get a new driver's license photo taken. A couple of much needed chores...hehehe The photo on my license is from over 3 years ago...and over 80 lbs ago...LOL I've been having some trouble getting through TSA lately. Especially before my last flight. With. my upcoming trips, I wanted to get a more updated photo of what I look like now. The car thing is just because it is finally time for it...hehehe

