# TBD

## Morning

I didn't sleep well last night. I was asleep by 1am. I woke off and on throughout the night and was praying. I started to wake for the day before 7am. By 7:12am, I was wide awake. All last week, I was asleep by 1am and didn't wake until about 7:45am. That was the case up through yesterday. Except maybe Saturday? I think I got up earlier that day because I needed to go in for my drivers license...hehehe I'm not really sure why I was so restless last night, though. Nothing that was concerning me was on my mind before bed. I didn't read last night. Could that be the reason? I was watching a round table discussion for S3E3 of *The Chosen* up until about 12:15am.

Reading fiction or watching an entertaining TV show helps me disengage my mind. But reading non-fiction or watching something that takes me deep into an important topic keeps my mind engaged. I'll have to be mindful of this. I hadn't really thought about that much. I used to watch TV before bed. I stopped doing that a while ago when I fasted TV once. Lately, I've been reading fiction before bed and that had the same affect as TV used to. But I'm preferring reading over TV now that I'm reading so much. It feels healthier...LOL

I'm one who can wind my mind down reading or watching something for entertainment. It doesn't stimulate my mind at all. The round table discussions from *The Chosen* are amazing and very engaging for me, though. Something else I did last night was did a deeper dive into the word *hate* as used in Luke 14:26. It was part of one of our devotionals last week. We talked about it yesterday and then I decided to find out what the original Greek said and what it might have meant back when Jesus said it. Matthew recounts the same message but states it differently than Luke. That led me to looking into Luke's writing style.

I have learned that each book's author had a style. And some books have varying styles within the same book. It depended on what the author was trying to convey to the reader at the time. Some of that gets lost in translation unless we research those things closer. Doing that research so late last night also stimulated my mind quite a bit. I'll not go deep into it here, but Luke often used hyperbole in his writing. And so did Jesus when He spoke. Luke wrote that as Jesus may have said it. Whereas Matthew's style shifted to a less hyperbolic tone.

Essentially, Jesus was simply saying that if we love others more than Him, we can't really be His disciple. *Hate* in the full context of His lesson is more about *to love less than* more so than what we view as hate today; which is what Matthew describe it as. Interesting, and engaging, stuff...hehehe

Tonight, I need to remember to either do nothing, or just read one of my fiction books...LOL

## Afternoon

Today is going well so far. I had my weekly meeting with my boss. We meet most Monday mornings. I like these one-on-ones. We often go past the scheduled time...LOL We typically start off by talking about our weekends and then transition into the work week. We usually have a lot to talk about.

One of the personal things I mentioned to him was how I bought a new car Saturday. That's right! I bought a new car...LOL It's actually my first ever brand new car. I've always bought used. I'm really excited about having my first brand new car. That fact only played a minor role in the decision. I didn't even really give that a thought while I was doing it...hehehe It was mostly a realization after the fact. But I suppose deep down, it was something that contributed.

My 90 year old neighbor was excited for me. I gave her a quick drive around the neighborhood...LOL So, besides the salesman, she is my first passenger. Well, only passenger so far...LOL

I'm a little tired, but doing really well considering how poorly I slept last night. I got to thinking more about that and realized I also had a late dinner. Normally I don't have a full meal Sunday night. I typically eat an early dinner before my call with Cherie. I didn't do that yesterday. I took a drive in my new car instead...LOL I did eat while I was out. But I didn't do my normal timing with anything. So I ate a full meal after the call. I probably should have just done something light. Having a full meal that late may have impacted my sleep. I typically just have a small snack after our call...hehehe

I was originally going to do a meatless Monday. I changed my mind and have decided to have fish tacos for dinner tonight.

I'm still doing well with my *Bible in a Year* reading. I'm just past the half way point for the year...considering we are in July, that makes sense, right?!.LOL This year has been different than last year. Last year, I simply read the Bible. I think I've mentioned this fact...this year, I'm listening to *The Bible Recap* podcast. Also, when I start a new book, I watch a video from *BibleProject* that explains the book I'm about to read. I've learned so many new things by doing that. That actually helped with the above mentioned research into Luke's writing of the word *hate* and the context surrounding it. I didn't just look at the original Greek, I also looked into his writing style. That idea comes from *The Bible Recap* and *BibleProject* because those two resources do a good job of explaining such thing. I haven't gotten to Luke yet with the *Bible in a Year* plan this year. So last night's research was independent of that. But the spirit of the research was inspired by my daily readings. I love how that has changed the way I read the Bible <3

