# TBD

## Morning

I slept mmmuuuccchhh better last night...LOL After the Home Run Derby, I didn't watch anything else. I did some chores, took a shower, and finished reading *The Invisible Man*. I then purchased *The Time Machine* to read soon or next. I have other books on my list. So I'm not sure what I'll read next. But when I finished *The Invisible Man*, the Kindle reminded me that H. G. Wells also wrote *The Time Machine*, another classic I enjoy...LOL The one I read before was *The War of the Worlds*. Also by H. G. Wells.

Although I slept better, I still had some tossing and turning while praying throughout the night. It was just very different this time. It was much more peaceful. It was like a night of constant warm hugs...hehehe I also did some singing.

I need to get a new face shaver and beard trimmer. I've been using a combo of my head shaver for my face and my very old beard trimmer that no longer has any guards. Trying to trim my VanDyke has been...well...not fun for quite some time. The head shaver isn't ideal for shaving my face and neck either...LOL I feel it is finally time to shop for something that is designed for what I must do for grooming.

I'm also still considering my haircut options. I love the currently length. I'm also fine with allowing it to continue to grow. But I also love how long it was in my profile photo. Ever since I started growing it again last October, I've been experimenting with my style. Hair is uniquely a part of each of us who have hair. I feel blessed to have options. I'm not really wrestling with this or anything. I'm actually very excited to be thinking about what I might do next.

Tonight is the All Star Game. I'm looking forward to watching that. And I'm also looking forward to how the rest of the season might go. I remember last year, things shifted throughout the league after this mid-season break. There was even a player who played the same game on opposite teams...LOL The first half of the game got delayed to a future date. In between the gap, he was traded to the opposing team...LOL Baseball is so much fun!

I can't wait to go to the game next month! I get to go with my best, and deer friend. And I've never been do a MLB game as an adult. The entire experience will be new and fascinating for me. I'm still deciding what I'll be wearing. It sounds like she's finished designing her outfit. I can't wait to see it!

## Afternoon

For lunch today, I went with a Black Bean Veggie Burger from Actual Veggies brand. It's the same brand as the mushroom burgers I usually have. This was my first time having this version. I loved it. This brand is pretty good. The veggie burgers they make aren't like beef. But the texture and flavor are still really good.

I was met with some new challenges at work today. But I'm happy to say they are all going well. I'm learning some things along the way. I always appreciate that. I especially appreciate learning how to communicate with people. Communication has been one of my weaknesses over the years. Working with a variety of people remotely comes with some challenges. Most of the communication is over email or instant messaging. We have the occasional phone conference. But it's mostly text. So, I'm learning how to communicate better. It seems as though I should already be an expert at this. But no two interactions are alike. Even with the same person...LOL

My sister reached out to me this morning to see if I could hang out with her on Saturday. I imagine we will cruise a bit in my new car...hehehe But I have some ideas of some places to go. There is a place called Krate that I discovered the other day on my Sunday drive. It has shops and restaurants. It's basically an outdoor mall like place that is built using shipping crates. I'm not sure if they were actual crates. But that's the theme and vibe. It will be nice to check that out. I'll see if she wants to...hehehe

I also booked a flight to spend a day in Indiana to see my son the first Saturday in August. I'll fly up late Friday night and return home early Sunday morning. I've not yet tried such a quick trip. So I wanted to see how that feels and works out. The flights were cheap. And the short time away means parking at the airport won't be expensive either. The flights and time at the airport isn't long for such a trip. I have high hopes for this sort of thing. If it works out, I may do this sort of thing often.

