# TBD

Well, the latest storm should arrive in the next 24-30 hours. We should begin to experience some of it as early as mid-day tomorrow. But landfall will likely be in the middle of the night. Or about the time I typically go to sleep...LOL Current projections show it landing south of me. Where I am is expected to have minimal impact similar to all of the other hurricanes I've experienced here. My prayers go out for those in the path. It appears to be heading in the same path that the big one in 2022 took. This one is likely going to be less strong, though. It has been a very powerful storm in the gulf. However, there are some factors that are weakening the storm as it approaches land.

One of the things I've noticed since moving here is that the rest of the world seems to be more anxious about these storms than those who live here...LOL Part of that could be how it looks on the national and international news. They don't really do a good job talking about what these storms are and how they work. I totally get why it seems so scary to everyone else who doesn't live here. I use to live in Indiana and saw those reports. But the information we received down here in Florida paint a completely different story. There isn't a sense of panic. I personally do not follow the local news. I use an independent service that I pay a subscription for. They just give me the facts and they educate on how these weather events work. I've been able to share with my neighbors this information and it has helped them remain calm too. Of course, I preface it saying I'm no expert and I'm only sharing what I learn from the service. I also tell everyone that they need to make the decisions that work best for them and their families. I haven't told anyone they should stay home like I am. I just have a calm way about me that seems to bring comfort to others. At least that's what they tell me...LOL

I spent a lot of time outside today...hehehe Part of that was to get in as much time outside as I could before the storm. The best part, though, was spending time with neighbors. Being able to meet neighbors lately, and now having time to get to know them, is an answer to prayer. I no longer feel as isolated as I once did here. I spent some of the time with Autumn and Maddi in fellowship and prayer. I was also given a lot more time getting to know Valerie. I walked with her for about three hours...hehehe About thirty minutes of that was also walking with Autumn. The three of us walked to a nearby convenience store to run an errand for Autumn. Autumn invited me to join her and I invited Valerie to join us as well. But after that, it was just Valerie and I. Earlier in the day, Valerie and I also walked quite a ways on my lunch break. It was fun getting to know her better. We talked about so many different topics. This stage of friendships are a lot of fun...hehehe Discovery is always a part of any relationship. But this initial period is different because it is like a blank page of the book. The story begins!

She shared with me a few of her favorite things here. I really appreciated that. Those closest to me know I ask questions like *what was your favorite moment today*. But she openly shared these things without me asking. It felt intimate and special. Like she was opening a window into her heart. Of course, I don't know her well enough yet to know if that was something deep to her...LOL It is something I find deep, myself...hehehe If this friendship grows, I'll get to know how she communicates and will know more about what these sort of moments mean to her.

