# TBD

I have seemingly contradictory feelings today...LOL It's like a splendid misery of sorts. I have a heavy heart. Yet, my heart is also full of joy. How would I, *Greg Marine*, best put into words how I feel today? Let's go on a journey today, shall we?! I'll do my best to write out what I'm thinking and how I feel. I have no expectations of finding any conclusions today. All I truly expect from writing today is to continue growing as a person. We shall see what that looks like at the end of the day...hehehe

One thing bringing me joy today is I remained safe throughout the storm and was able to feel safe in my home. I did not need to evacuate. Technically, there was a *mandatory* evacuation order for my zone. But two things factored into my decision to remain at home.

The first, and foremost, was I felt God telling me to trust Him. On the surface, I imagine that looks or sounds like I was testing God. Nope, I was trusting. I had absolutely no logical reason to stay at home. I know that by staying home there wasn't anything I could do to *protect* my *stuff* from a hurricane had it hit here directly. As I've expressed many times with folks lately, my *stuff* just doesn't have value to me anymore. I genuinely felt an actual calling to stay put. If this were a test of any kind, it would be more of a test of my own faith. A *Peter walking on water* sort of test. But I want to make it abundantly clear. I did not stay for the sake of any kind of test. I simply obeyed a calling. Nothing more...nothing less. I cannot say that it makes any sense. So, if you are confused, I'm right there with you! Regardless, I had an abundance of peace about staying home. And God gave me the opportunity to pour out that peace on some of my neighbors who remained home as well. They would have stayed whether I did or not. Sharing my peace with them was a blessing for us all.

The second factor into my decision were the facts of this storm. I follow the *MyRadar* folks. They present facts and do their best to educate their users and viewers on how these storms actually work. They do stress the importance of evacuating when there is such an order to do so. Yes, I ignored that order even after their advice not to...LOL However, I studied the facts about what was making up this storm. All of the weather phenomena clearly showed this storm would make landfall quite a ways south of me. That said, *quite a ways* to me is subjective. Someone looking at a map would say it was actually pretty close...LOL Being down on the ground, I know it really wasn't that close. And the wind and rain we experienced in my area weren't anything more than a regular storm. But it was actually less in a way...there wasn't even any lightning.

Okay, now that I've listed my two main reasons for staying put, I want to connect them. The second factor is pretty weak. I'm going to state the obvious, there is always a risk. As much information as we have about hurricanes these days, there are still so many unknowns. In fact, there were unique phenomena about this one that they'll be studying this storm for a while learning all new things about hurricanes. So, as weak as my argument is about the *facts*, I return to the calling I feel about trusting God. I truly believe He wanted me to stay. And in doing so, He used me to bring peace to those who were going to stay anyway. As much as I question myself, I do not question that. I had a purpose...His purpose. The fruit of that is as clear to see as a grape growing on a vine. Had I not felt called to stay put, I would have left. I'm not going to pretend that my limited understanding is a good reason to have stayed. I'm not a meteorologist. I'm also not God. I simply trusted and obeyed what I felt in the spirit.

The joy I feel about trusting and obeying God and seeing the fruit of obedience has also been met with sorrow. I know I worried a lot of folks. Some even went so far as to directly question my decision; which I totally get. I'm grateful for those who love me enough to be concerned and reached out to me. I'm so sorry that my decision to stay put brought them anxiety, worry, doubt, concern, and fear. I don't blame them. I don't blame the media for only showing the worst of things. It was my decision that made them worry about *me*. Nothing and no one else did that. I did. And that makes me sad. I know I cannot control how they feel. Nor do I even want to! I just know I played a role in how they felt. I accept responsibility for my part in that. That's all I'm really saying. I just hope that I was able to encourage them along the way. I did my best to express how safe I felt throughout the entire experience. I did my best to express how God was giving me peace about the decision to remain.

Something else I'm going through at the moment that brings quite a bit of excitement, along with it some new anxieties, is getting to know my new friends. Yesterday I mentioned something about overthinking. As I meet new people, I go through the process of learning how to communicate with them. I also mentioned that yesterday...hehehe Well, as I begin to interact with new people who will potentially be friends, well, I begin to overthink...LOL I didn't write about the connection, but both of those sections in my entry yesterday were definitely related to my new friends. One thing brings me excitement, whereas the other brings anxiety.

I have to manage my excitement and expectations when it comes to new friends. Especially in this season of my life. Early in the year, I wrote about loneliness. Later in the year, I wrote about how I may have been treasuring friendships over my relationship with God. And then shortly after that, I lost some friends when I left my church...LOL It has been a rollercoaster of a ride this year managing and maintaining close friendships in person. Those friendships which are true and pure have remained strong and have grown in amazing ways. But each of those have been at a distance. So, while I'm excited to have new in-person friends, I have this thought in my mind that they may not last long...hehehe My experience hasn't been good with in-person friendships this year...LOL

Okay, now that this thought is out of the way, I'm not going to overthink that. Recognizing that I have a history of overthinking, and the fact I've been working on that this year, I've decided I'm going to keep a positive focus on these new friendships. I'm going to accept them for what they are in each moment. And at the moment, they are new. I'm also not going to hold too tightly on to them. If we are meant to become true friends, it will just happen. If we aren't meant to, then I'll just enjoy the time I do have them in this season. I'm not meant to be in everyone's journeys and not everyone is meant to be in mine. Sometimes, friends come along for just a short season. I need to be the friend I'm suppose to be for them in this moment. Nothing more...nothing less.

Growing up in a small town, the friends I had all had similar upbringing and lifestyles. It was so easy to communicate with folks back in my hometown. When I became an adult and started to venture out in the *world*, I learned that not everyone grew up the same way. Yet still, in my region of the world, there were enough similarities that it was still easy to figure out how to have friends. Well, then along came the Internet...LOL And a few years ago, my relocation to Florida...LOL Yeah, making friends became a lot more complicated...LOL Couple that with my overthinking mind, I ended up over complicating the process of making friends...LOL

