# TBD

Happy Monday! A new week! It's also a holiday...LOL I'm not sure which one to celebrate, though. Growing up, this was Columbus Day. I didn't know Columbus personally, but I hear he wasn't a pleasant fellow. So, someone somewhere decided this would be Indigenous Peoples' Day. I'm happy to celebrate Indigenous Peoples. But it is also Canada's Thanksgiving Day...LOL I have Canadian friends and happy to celebrate with them too!

At my new company, this is an observed holiday. But instead of just having the day off, they offer a floating holiday. That means I can either take the day off or work and use the time off on any other day I want. When I woke up today, I decided I'd just go ahead and take today as the holiday. I'll be getting two other floating holidays. So, I decided it would be nice to take today instead of waiting. I don't recall ever having today off...LOL

I ended up spending most of the day praying and reading extra scripture. I took a couple of really long walks. I also sat out in the shaded lounge area of the pool. It was a great day to pray. The weather was perfect for being outside. I'm really glad I took today off.

I don't think I ate enough food today to balance out how much activity my walking was...hehehe I may end up eating a little extra for my evening snack. We'll see. But one thing I've noticed is that I've been hungry quite a bit today. I've eaten what I normally do and the normal amount. So I really do think it has something to do with just how much walking I did.

I've enjoyed following along with the Dodgers this year. They are currently in the NLCS as they won the NLDS last week. Their season began on my birthday...hehehe I hear they are playing at Angels Stadium in March next year. I may plan a birthday trip to go see them...hehehe I really hope they win the World Series this season. Not just because I've become a fan. But also because this was the year I became a fan. It would be extra special for them to win this particular year...hehehe

Up until April in 2020, I had hair on my head. I've been shaving ever since then. Up until early this year, I don't remember when, I've had facial hair of some kind. I've gone back and forth from a full beard and a VanDyke. Because of my weight loss, I decided I'd drop facial hair. Lately, I've been thinking about growing both my facial and top of my head hair. I've asked some people their opinions about whether I should or not. But now I realize I'm asking the wrong people. The person I need to ask is the guy in the mirror...LOL

This morning, I thought I'd give both a try. I wanted to go with a VanDyke. So I shaved just the parts of my face that would support that and then the back of my neck. Later in the day, I changed my mind and shaved my entire head and face again...LOL I keep thinking about why it was I had this idea in the first place. I've received comments about doing it. I then made a post on socials about it; for which I also received comments. I like the idea. But for now, I don't want to do it. I appreciate opinions. In the end, I have to be the one happy with what I'm doing. If they want to be happy about my choices, they need to just be happy that I'm happy, right?! LOL That's how I see it. When I comment on someone's looks, I always tell them I love how happy they look. I never tell them they should change something...hehehe I never want anyone to change. Why would I!?

I achieved the next step for my upcoming trip to California. A while ago, I got my plane tickets. The earlier the better for price. Last week, I bought my Disney tickets. I should not have waited because they upped the price a few days before I bought them...LOL But not enough to make me sick at my stomach, thought...LOL Today, I finally booked where I am staying. Like I did in North Carolina, I went with an AirBNB apartment. Next, I need to decide if I'll rent a car or walk most places and do ride shares to and from the airport and Disney. I may do the latter simply to give that lifestyle a try for a week.

I'm really looking forward to this trip for so many reasons. The number one reason is my Disney adventure with Cherie. I wouldn't even be going if it weren't for that adventure...hehehe As a secondary mission, I'm continuing my discovery of the possibility of living in California. I decided to stay an entire week and do that apartment thing instead of a short trip with a hotel. I'll be working four of the days while I'm there. The rest of my time will be *living* there and experience things. I'll be in Santa Ana for the majority of that time. We'll see what I think of the place. It is unlikely a place I would want to live, though. But I'm excited to give it a try.

I'm not quite sure yet if I'll be seeing anyone else on this trip. Last time, it didn't work out to see anyone else. I'm having similar trouble working it out on this trip as well. I imagine it will be easier to see my friends and family there if I were to live there. Trying to schedule things for a specific week isn't as easy as if it could be some other random time. At least, that's what I'm telling myself...LOL I'm very flexible. It's so much easier for me to be flexible than most other people. So, I understand that working these things out isn't always easy for other people.

