# TBD

One of the main things I prayed about yesterday was how I tend to overthink. Realizing how I overthink most things might have been caused by past trauma, I am ready to let that go. Overthinking has never served me well...hehehe This is not to be confused with thinking things through. It is wise to consider things from multiple angles to form a good opinion or conclusion. I'm referring more so to the spiral my mind has gone through when obsessing over an event that has occurred or one that is coming up. Or projecting how I feel about myself onto the thoughts I think other people are thinking about me. Not to mentioned thinking about what people actually do or say to me that makes an impact on what or how I think about myself or the world around me. And so on and so on...yeah, overthinking. I'm not really describing the experience well here. However, if you are also an overthinker, you know what I'm talking about.

This led me back to:

::: details Philippians 4:4-8
4 Rejoice in the Lord always. I will say it again: Rejoice! 5 Let your gentleness be apparent to all. The Lord is near.

6 Be anxious for nothing, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. 7 And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.

8 Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think on these things.
:::

On my morning walk this morning, I meditated on this passage. Yesterday, I was able to turn off the overthinking. So today, I wanted to start my day off with thoughts of what is true, honorable, right, pure, lovely, admirable, excellent, and praiseworthy. In doing so, my hope was that I wouldn't have to turn off the overthinking. That is to say, I would not have been overthinking anything in the first place...LOL And to a degree, this has worked so far today.

Today's *Vitamin G* was based on this passage: *What I think about is just as important as how or why I think about anything <3*

I began to overthink the post...LOL I wanted to say more. But I applied what I learned yesterday to this. I decided to keep it simple. Because it really is that simple. I'm not saying it is easy, though. It's hard to undo years of bad programming. It's hard to unlearned bad behaviors. It's hard to change. But, it is very simple.

Yesterday was very similar to what I experienced in California back in July. I haven't been chasing after how I experienced God while I was there. But I have wondered if I would experience anything like that again. I was very glad I did experience the same yesterday right here at home. It was reassuring. I know God is everywhere. I know I don't have to go somewhere specific to experience what I did yesterday and back in July. I know...I really do! My spirit is just not happy here...LOL I have to keep choosing the happiness I feel. And that can be exhausting after a while. Yesterday was a nice reprieve from my day-to-day happiness choice. To be clear, though, I'm not referring to contentment. I'm actually quite content with my circumstances.

Work hasn't been much a productive day...hehehe It has been full of meetings. Such days happen from time to time. In a way, I kind of like these days every once in a while. I wouldn't want a day full of meetings every week, though...LOL

The weather has been really nice lately. That tends to happen after a hurricane. That didn't really happen after Helene because we had Milton less than two weeks later. But now we are back to post-hurricane awesome weather...LOL The mornings start off cool and get warmer as the day goes on. I feel cooler days will be here soon. Of course, this is Florida. So, it doesn't actually get very cold. We have the occasional cold day in the winter. But it is rare. I've been following along with the weather in California where I'll be visiting. It is cooler there than here right now. I imagine it will be cooler the week I'm there than it has been in Florida. That will work out nicely for my dressing dapper for Disney...hehehe Of course, it will feel cooler for me than someone who lives there. So it may still be warm for the local folks. We shall see. The differences in climate in everywhere I've been fascinates me...hehehe

My photos app was showing me pictures from *this date* in my past. I noticed some wedding photos from my third wedding and wondered why they popped up today...hehehe I looked at the date...LOL Today is the anniversary of that wedding...LOL Each of my three weddings were special in the own right. I loved each of my wives and each were the beginning of a sacred bond. I remember all three days quite well. This particular one was a Disney Wedding. Every time I go back Seabreeze Point point at Disney World, I remember the experience fondly. Disney does weddings really well.

I mentioned that each of my marriages were sacred. I don't know how my wives felt. But I feel the sanctity of marriage is important. That may sound contradictory to my inability to remain married. I'll say it plainly, I did not want any of those marriages to end. I don't talk much about what happened. But I do mourn them all. I wasn't the one who gave up. I had to accept the reality that they no longer wanted me as a husband. I've faced that and I'm at peace now.

