# TBD

When I was about 17 years old, I found myself in Branson, Missouri, performing music from the musical Oklahoma. Back in those days, I was in a show choir and performed in places like Branson and Disney World. I look fondly on those years. But I also must admit I did not enjoy all of it in the moment...LOL Performing on stage was fun. But I was actually just following in my brother's footsteps. Being on stage was a part of who he was. Not who I was...hehehe

The parts of that season of my life that I loved including supporting and watching others perform. I always sat with the parents from all the other schools. All the while, my *friends* would be roaming the places we were visiting just being kids. I couldn't really relate to people my own age. Actually, I still can't...LOL Most of my friends today are either my parents age and older, or young enough to be my kids. I do have a few friends in their 30s. But I know very few people in their 40s...LOL I'm talking about folks I know in person. Online, I know people my own age, along with all the others.

On that trip to Branson, we found ourselves at Silver Dollar City. It's an amusement park in the Ozark Mountains. It was fun...hehehe Kids being kids, the people I was with that day weren't being friendly to one of the other kids. There was one of my classmates that no body liked. Honestly, I didn't like him either. But I'm a friend to everyone. Well, all but he ended up on a rollercoaster with him being on the ride after the rest of us. After we got off the ride ourselves, they all started to dart to ditch this other guy. I refused to do so. I told my *friends* that I was going to wait for him. I couldn't bear the thought of someone doing that to me. So, I remained. Some of those other kids respected my choice and decided to stop running and they came back. The kid no one else liked, to this day, has no idea that he was going to be ditched that day.

Well, guess how many of those *friends*, including that kid who was almost ditched, are still in my life?!? Yep, not a single one of them...LOL I have no idea where any of them are today...except one. But the memory of that day is etched in the walls of my heart. I'm not quite sure why I thought about it today. I suppose it could be that I woke up today being grateful that I have another day to make the most of my life. It was moments like that one that defined who God created me to be. He created me to love. Not love as the world loves. But love as He loves. They say kindness costs nothing. I disagree. Kindness, and all fruit of the spirit, costs me all that I am as a human. I have to deny myself, take up my cross, and following Jesus. I'm glad I did just that on that day. I would have loved to fit in with the rest of the crowd from my selfish side. But God gave me a heart to think about how my actions impact others.

I'm happy to say that for the past several days, I've managed to keep my over thinking brain turned off...LOL It has been almost a week since I last over thought anything...hehehe I think that's why I haven't been journaling this week...LOL I haven't had much to get off my mind. I might be able to start just journaling about my days in general...LOL I keep laughing...LOL It has been so freeing this week not allowing my mind to spiral.

Okay, now I'm asking myself *how* I was able to turn off that silly brain of mine. There isn't an answer to that, actually. I did pray about it. And when I find myself spending too much time thinking about something, I ask God to redirect my thoughts. But all I can really say is that I simply stopped thinking too much...LOL It wasn't as easy as it sounds, though. It came down to a self-awareness about how I experience and understand my own character, feelings, desires, and motives. This week's *The Chosen* Bible study lesson has a lot to do with this. I wrote about my fears and the scriptures for this week encouraged me to give them over to God. One of the immediate results of that was a reprieve from overthinking.

I've been on a sort of break from Walt Disney World...hehehe Two weeks in a row, I spent a lot of time there. I wanted to go last weekend. But a gas shortage from Hurricane Milton kept me home. This week, the shortage is over and I do not feel like going...LOL In fact, I think I'm going to take a break from going until after my California trip.

I cannot wait for my California trip! Two weeks from today, I'll be landing in California. Two weeks from tomorrow, I'll be in Disneyland for the first time...hehehe I'll be taking Cherie along with me that day in spirit. But...a few days later, I'll be in Disneyland/Disney's California Adventure *with* Cherie!!! It will be our second in-person Disney experience. The first at a Disney park. Our first Disney experience was at the Walt Disney Concert Hall...hehehe But this trip is extra special. We will be dressing up for a day at the parks...hehehe It will be so much fun!!! I've received all of my attire for the day and will be trying it all on this weekend to make sure it all matches with the look I'm going for...hehehe

