# TBD

## 07:30am

I didn't sleep well last night. I had a horrific nightmare. The kind of thing that people who love horror movies would have found quite entertaining...LOL Aside from the nightmare, my sleep wasn't restful. I do not feel renewed today...hehehe I chuckle because the night before I had one of the best night sleeps I've ever had. Yesterday, I felt quite rested. I wasn't back to 100% energy. And I thought I'd get good rest last night to bring myself back to 100% today. Yeah, I was wrong...LOL

But that's okay. I'm not worry about it. Nights like last night happen. I don't really know what caused my sleep to be so far off. I'm not going to overthink it, though. I'm just going to accept it and hope for the best tonight. I'll still make the most of this day. This is a day the Lord has made. I will rejoice and be glad in it!

I'm *behind* in my Bible in a Year plan. I had a goal to go through the entire Bible this year. Being a bit behind isn't discouraging, though. I don't look at this has something to check off on the *todo* list. It was just a goal I would like to accomplish this year. I may try to catch up this week. But I won't put any pressure on that. The point is to be in the Word everyday. It is for the renewing of my soul. If I make it a chore, that will defeat its purpose.

My morning prayer today was a bit short as well. Like the Bible in a Year goal, I don't want my morning prayer to be something I check off the *todo* list. It isn't supposed to be a chore either. What I did today was for the sake of consistency. As is being in the Word daily.

To be clear, I haven't grown tired of the daily spiritual disciplines. It is more about how my routine has been off for a month. I'm realizing I just need some changes. The new Bible study I'm doing for *The Chosen* is helping with that. It seems to be an important part of the transition I'm making in my spiritual growth right now. I'm pretty excited about all of this, actually!

Today should be a good day regardless of how poorly I slept last night. My spirits are way up. My hope is in God. My hope isn't in my own ability to maintain a balanced life. He brings balance to my life. I just get in the way sometimes...LOL Yesterday, I had a very balanced day. I see the potential already in today being equally balanced. Wouldn't it be something if I get through this day as if I hadn't had a horrible night last night? Wouldn't it be something to have a great day in spite of a bad night? I've got this because God has got me <3

## 08:45am

Okay, so I wanted to document this for posterity sake...LOL I'm actively considering moving back to my hometown of Mooresville, Indiana. I'm sure I've mentioned the possibility before. But this morning, it has been on my mind. I don't necessarily miss Mooresville itself. But the lifestyle there remains attractive to me. What better place would there be than to return home to have that lifestyle?

Something I've realized lately is that I've spent most of my adult life somewhat *chasing* someone else's dream. Who's dream, I do not know. But it hasn't been mine...LOL I didn't leave home because I wanted to leave. I left because I got married. But even the married life I went after back then wasn't quite what aligned with my heart at the time. I won't go into it too deep now. But I wasn't ready for it at the time. It sucked me in because I felt like I belonged. Yet, it wasn't the right place to be and sent me on a path I should not have chosen. I don't regret it. But I realize I didn't choose wisely...hehehe

I've been given a wonderful opportunity to truly pray and think about what I want the rest of my life to be like. Obviously I don't know what the future actually holds for me. But God does. Aligning my life with the path He has set before me has changed my perspective in so many wonderful ways. I never would have imagined I'd consider going back home. Yet, here I am...LOL

One thing that got me thinking about this again today is how I actually want to go up there soon. Sure, I miss the people I love there. But I can honestly say I'm looking forward to being in Mooresville as well. This is the first time in three years that I've wanted to there for other reasons besides seeing people...hehehe Feels a bit weird...LOL

