# TBD

## 07:55am

I slept a little better last night. Not quite as well as I would have liked. But so much better than the night before. Perhaps my body is fighting something off from the weekend that I'm unaware of? I don't feel *sick*, though. So, I have no idea...hehehe

I'm just about to begin work for today. But I wanted to get this journal entry kicked off before I did.

I had some weird dreams. But no nightmares this time. So, that's good. And my beard and hair are coming in nicely still. I see a little more progress each morning. Of course, I'm only on day three...LOL

What's in store today? *Father God, what are we doing to do today?*

## 11:15am

Through a series of very specific events of my morning, I came upon Autumn on a walk during a work break. I was able to minister to her with something she is going through right now. It isn't one of those *God told me to tell you* sort of things. I simply acknowledge that God provided the path for me to be able to minister to her in that exact moment.

For the most part, I simply listened and reassured her of what she felt God has been telling her through her personal prayer and Bible study time. It all aligns with scripture to the best of my own knowledge. I then presented her with a few rhetorical questions I've been asking myself this year along my own faith journey.

This was all unplanned by us humans. Everything about my own personal morning led to this opportunity. I don't know how her morning led her to the Bark Park at the very moment I walked by. But, it seems as those these things have been happening in my life a lot lately. I keep feeling these moments of *wait* or *go here* and then things just align. I'm not searching for these things. They simply happen. I'm grateful for these opportunities to experience God in this way.

*Father God, what are we going to do next?*

## 02:45pm

Work is going well again today. It's so nice to have the tasks I'm working on. I'm basically setting up the development environments on the new side. There are a lot of code repositories to setup and each one has several little tasks to accomplish along the way. It is a little tedious. But it isn't boring...hehehe

I spent a little time going through my Bible in a Year plan already today. I'm not quite caught up just yet. But I'm almost there. I am doing it a little bit here and there with a few extra sessions in an effort to get back on track to get through the entire Bible by December 31st. I think it will work out. But, again, it's okay if I don't accomplish that by then. It isn't a chore. It is a blessing. I'm not doing it for the sake of doing it. I'm doing it for spiritual growth. Consistency is important. That's all I'm really targeting for getting through it all by the end of the year...hehehe

My upstairs neighbor is really pumping loud, thumping music right now...LOL

I keep forgetting to mention the Dodgers won the NLCS!!! They are in the World Series! They are up against the Yankees this time. The series starts on Friday. I'm so excited!!! Today, I'm actually wearing my LA shirt...LOL I may wear it again on Friday. Go Dodgers!!!

I think I'm going to go take another walk...hehehe

*Father God, where shall we walk and who will we come across this time?*

## 03:45pm

It is a tad hot out there...LOL We have arrived at the beginning of the seasons when it is hot in direct sunlight and cooler in the shade. As this year comes to a close, the shade will become very cold...hehehe It will still be warm in the sun, though. There are only a handful of actual cold days here. They typically happen when the rest of the country is in one of those arctic vortices. Christmas morning of 2022 was 20F here...LOL I started that day at home and drove to Indiana. When I arrived up there Christmas night, it was like -20F in Indiana. So 20F in Florida was much warmer by comparison...LOL

I dropped by Valerie's apartment to see if she wanted to walk. She had indicated earlier today she would be interested. She wasn't ready for a walk at 3pm. She might want to walk later. But I don't really know for sure. She was non-committal when I dropped by. My dropping by might have thrown her off. I thought I'd give it a try since she invited me over yesterday. She has also dropped by my apartment unannounced before. So, I figured it would be okay if I did...but I did text her first to let her know I was dropping by...hehehe I'm still learning how she communicates so I can best communicate with her. Too bad she is moving the week after next...hehehe I'll be asking her if she'd like to stay in touch after she moves. But I'm not sure there is enough time left to learn how we can communicate best. I'm okay either way. I'm grateful to have met her if even only for a brief moment of our journeys.

*Father God, thank you for the time I have with everyone You have placed on my path. I cherish them all. Who are we going to meet next?*

