# TBD

## 08:20am

Happy FriYAY!!! Go Dodgers!!! The 2024 World Series begins tonight in LA!!! Woohoo!!! They get to have their first victory of four in a row tonight...LOL j/k I have no idea how this series will play out. But I'm excited regardless...hehehe It's my first World Series in over 20 years! And it just happens that my new favorite team made it.

I'm wearing my LA shirt today and will drink from one of my LA coffee mugs today. No, doing so won't help the team win...LOL But it sure is fun! It's kind of like all the Disney mugs I use and the few Olaf t-shirts I have. In a way, it is support. It keeps me connected. Plus it is fun to talk to Cherie about the Dodgers. That's why I start rooting for them in the first place. It began as another way to connect with her.

It's another work day. I'm taking a quick break to start today's journal entry...hehehe I should have a pretty productive day. I have no meetings and my tasks are clear. It should be a good day to work a half day at home and half at Zen.

Speaking of Zen, I'm not sure if I'll be able to go tomorrow. I wanted to. But the town it is in is having a centennial celebration. If I do go, I may need to do a ride share into the area instead of driving myself. I doubt there will be much parking available. This will be the first time I've faced that issue since I've been going to Zen. I may ask about options while I'm there today.

## 10:00am

I saw a graphic on Twitter that shows *Biblical traffic tomorrow here in LA* with all of the events going on tomorrow...hehehe They are having the World Series, a Lakers game, a USC game, something called the East LA Classic, and two concerts. Wow! If I lived there, I'd be staying home all day tomorrow...LOL

I find it funny how I hadn't given LA much thought most of my life. But this year, I think about it a lot. And having had my experiences there in July, LA now holds a special place in my heart. No, I don't want to live there...hehehe But it will always be special now. And I'll visit. My upcoming trip is to Santa Ana and Anaheim. So Orange County instead of LA County. I'm not sure I'd want to live there either. But it will be fun checking it out. I head there a week from tomorrow!!! So excited!!!

I keep thinking about my inner peace and how I view everything differently now. As I read through my past journal entries, I can see the path of growth I've traveled on my journey this year. To paraphrase what *Mary* said in season 1, episode 2 of *The Chosen*, before I was one way and now I am very different. What happened in between was Jesus. I've known of Jesus my entire life. And I first gave Him my heart 26 years ago. But I'd say I wasn't following Him until these past three years. Throughout this third year, I've experienced Him daily. God is so good!

## 09:15pm

Well, it has been a while since I added to this entry...LOL I did end up going to Zen to work the second half of my day. And once again, I was more productive than I am at home...hehehe I've decided I need to figure out why. I want to be maximize my productivity from home.

Tonight, I took a rather lengthy walk. I didn't have a specific path I was following. I just kept walking around the complex. I was able to observe the sunset. I recorded part of it. I put a small clip of it on my IG/FB story that showed some birds flying near the top of the frame. I watched the birds with my own eyes and hoped the video captured them. I was glad it got them...hehehe

I came across several people on my walk. Jan and Sam, and their pup Timmy, were the only ones I know. The others are people I've seen before but do not know. I got mixed responses to my waves and hellos. In the past, I would kind of take it personally when someone wouldn't respond. I almost stopped telling people hello at one point...LOL

I'm glad I didn't stop. Instead, I started to engage with those who did respond. That's how I started making friends. So, tonight, when someone didn't respond, I happily smiled and just kept walking. I know it isn't personal.

Since God is the source of my inner peace, nothing can disrupt it. He is greater than anything that can distract me from His peace. It really is up to me whether or not I allow anything to disrupt the peace. Tonight, nothing was able to distract me from the inner peace God has given me. That made me happy. Choosing His peace made for an amazing walk.

I won't always make the right choice...hehehe But I'm growing and getting better at choosing His inner peace!

## 10:05pm

I'm watching game 1 of the 2024 World Series! Go Dodgers! As far as a World Series game goes, it has been a good game. That said, I want the Dodgers to win. They aren't winning at the moment...LOL Due to what appears to have been a poor bullpen decision, the Yankees scored a 2 run home run. They are using the bullpen now and things seem to have improved...LOL Not that I fully understand any of that...LOL But I'm learning! So I think I can see the mistake Roberts made...hehehe Seems he should have looked to the bullpen sooner.

I'm not sure yet how I'll feel if the Yankees win the series. I've been following the Dodgers all year. I've become a fan. But I'm learning how to be a *baseball* fan. I'll definitely love for the Dodgers to win. But if it is a good series, that would be great no matter who wins.

I'm grateful the postseason games have been on channels I have access to. I've watched all of the Dodgers games in the postseason thus far. I'll be able to see all of the World Series games except the last one if it goes to game 7. I'm traveling that day. I may purchase in-flight Internet so I can at least keep track of stats. But my hope is that the Dodgers clinch a series win before that game...LOL

## 11:00pm

It's a tied game now in the top of the 9th. Two outs. Judge is at the plate with 2 strikes...Pop fly and caught...LOL Bottom of the 9th! Bring it home Dodgers!!!

It has been fun following along this year. Sure, it helps that the team I'm following is in the World Series...LOL But the fun thing for me is sharing the experience with Cherie and learning about the game as it is played today. It is a bit different than it was over 20 years ago...hehehe I've been asking her questions along the way. I could always look this stuff up. But I prefer to have the conversation.

I'm not quite ready to write out my final thoughts for the day. But it was a great day. Once the game is over, I'll wrap up this entry...hehehe

