# Parents Anniversary, Dunedin, Dodgers Win

Today is my parents' 51st wedding anniversary <3 I'm grateful for them beyond words. I haven't always made them proud. And honestly, I'm learning that they want me to live my life how I want it. They had their rules. But they were never controlling in any way. The rules were for their life. If I wanted to be in their life, I followed their rules. Meaning, as long as I was under their roof, I lived by those rules. They taught me many valuable lessons through the process. They weren't perfect parents. But they are my parents. God gave them to me. And He gave me to them.

I think I make them proud now. I don't always make the decisions they would. But I think they are proud I'm making the decisions with lots of prayer and Godly wisdom. Their pride in me is no longer something I'm chasing after, though. I use to. Not anymore. I've realized my journey is mine to take. They raised me and prepared me the best way they knew how. I've since taken those lessons and now look to God for parental guidance. Guess what?!? They taught me that...hehehe

Today is always a reminder of how blessed I have been having them as parents. I certainly didn't have a perfect childhood. And I certainly do not blame them for that...hehehe But it was absolutely the childhood I needed. I'm so glad I'm not being raised today. I'm grateful for being born in 1978, spending most of my childhood in the 80s, and finishing that childhood in the 90s. My poor son is growing in some much harder times in a world full of confusing messages...ugh! I'm glad for the years I was growing up! Sure, sometimes I wish I grew up in a time far earlier than when I did. But I'm still grateful.

I'm realizing I have so much to say. But I'm also finding there are so few ways for me to say it...hehehe I have difficulty communicating. I'm growing and learning, though. Writing in this journal has helped. Also, listening to others to understand them has helped me learn how to communicate with the people I'm listening to. Each new person I meet, I learn something new. It is also helping me learn more about myself. As they ask me questions or listen to my stories, they are teaching me more about who I am.

I walked to Panera this morning. It isn't far from my home. I was given a 50% off option for a breakfast entrée. I'm also in their Unlimited Sips Club. Which means, I get *free* drinks. I went with coffee this time. The whole thing cost me $5 with the tip. It was a pleasant morning to be out for a walk. And I was given the opportunity to take a new warm hug photograph of a tree I've never photographed!

When I got back home, I sat out by the pool. I'm actually still there now hours later. After having sat here meditating, reading the Word, and praying, I decided I would start writing. Since my apartment is by the pool, I didn't have far to go to get my MacBook and come back outside...hehehe I poured a *plastic* jar of lemonade and now I'm enjoying the outdoors while writing. I emphasize *plastic* because glass jars aren't allowed. It is dangerous to have glass by the pool. If it breaks, it can leave shards that cut people's bare feet. It looks like a mason jar and I've been told I'm not allowed to have glass out here...hehehe I have to show them that it is plastic...hehehe

I love the area by the pool. There is a lounge area that is well shaded by a structure. I call it an awning. I'm not sure if that is really what it is called, though. I rarely get in the pool. I sometimes dangle my legs in it. That feels nice and is calming. As much as I love water, I don't spend much time in it. And this year, I haven't spent much time on it. I have gone to the water nearby to see it. Last year, it seemed like I was out on the water quite a bit. This year, not so much. I actually only went out the one time back in March.

I'm still interested in being on the water. I suppose I've neglected the hobby because I don't currently have anyone to go out with. It really isn't safe to be out there on my own. Even if there are strangers nearby, it is still best to go out on the water with another person or group. Same is true for swimming. Water activities aren't a solo thing. I've thought about trying to get involved with meetup or Facebook groups with shared interests. But that really isn't my thing. I kinda liked that group from church last year. But even that wasn't really my thing. Especially the people in the group...not going there, though...LOL The best way I can describe my feelings on this is that I need a friend or two who share this interest and just plan with them. My way of finding friends doesn't quite mesh well with those online group things or church groups...hehehe I don't feel I'm unique in this way or weird. I just need to *find my people*...LOL I'm working on it...hehehe

Tracy: *Hi Greg. Do you want to hang out this afternoon?*

Me: *Sure! Watcha thinkin?*

Hehehe I had a lovely afternoon and evening with my sister. I drove down to Dunedin to meet up with her. That's a town I think I'd love to live in. And it's a place I'm considering if I stay in Florida. We walked everywhere we went. We went into a few shops in the downtown area. Some of them were places we've been to before. There were several neither of us even knew were there...hehehe

We had dinner at this nice little place on the water named *Bon Appetit*. They have a mix of cuisine. But it is labeled as "new american"...whatever that means...LOL The Internet tells me it is a *wave of modernized cooking predominately served in upscale fine dining restaurants*. I'd say this place is upscale fine dining...hehehe We sat on the dock, though. They serve the same food out there. But it felt very *Florida* out there by the water. Inside, though, I would have been underdressed in my shorts...LOL The food was fantastic. I went with a German inspired Oktoberfest meal and she went with a hamburger. So, neither of us ate fine dining tonight...hehehe

Dunedin is the home of the Toronto Bluejays Spring Training. We walked by the stadium. If I lived there, it would be nice to walk to the stadium and watch some games. There is a farm team that plays there as well. I've never been a Toronto fan. But seeing games there would be fun. There is another stadium nearby as well for another team for their Spring Training. I don't recall off hand which one, though.

Downtown Dunedin is such a pleasant place to walk around. They sometimes have festivals with live music. Everyone there is so friendly. There is also a county trail that goes right through there for those who walk, jog, or ride bikes. There are so many dogs being walked too. I love it! They have a sweet little bookstore called *Back in the Day Bookstore*. I've gotten a few books there. One of them I had to special order. They are always so nice <3

Although I enjoy going through the shops, I rarely get anything. I suppose I could get gifts from time to time. I do love to support small business...hehehe They have a variety of eateries, though. I think I would enjoy that foodie scene quite a bit. I think I've now checked out four restaurants there. All of them have been amazing experiences.

I wonder what the cost of living is there for someone who lives the apartment life? It is amazingly safe there. I checked out some apartments near my sister. They were way too expensive for what they are. They seem similar to my current place. But at a significant increase in cost. I can afford the cost. But if I'm going to pay more than I am now, it needs to be nicer than what I have now or closer to downtown...hehehe I don't mind the distance from downtown. Just not at the price point those are.

I shopped for dog toys for a few of the neighbors' dogs. I didn't find anything I thought fit their personalities, though. I'll have to keep looking...hehehe I'm not one to get a gift just to give a gift. I like to find something meaningful. To some, that may seem silly for a dog's gift...LOL But hey, I'm who I am!

My hair and beard are still growing well. My sister noticed it, of course. My hair is very soft right now. It is past the fuzz stage and looks like a buzz cut mostly. My beard still has a little bit to go to be normal for a beard. But it is close. I'm trying to decide if I'll keep it as a beard or do the VanDyke. I'll decide before my California trip. I'll not do anything else for my hair before my trip. I may not do anything for quite a while, actually. I want to see how thin the hair is now after having shaved my head for four and half years. Then I'll decide what I'll do with it...hehehe

DODGERS WON!!! Woohoo! Two games down! Two to go!