# TBD

## 07:45am

Good morning! Happy Monday!!!

I'm really excited for this week! I expect productivity at work to continue. And I'll be spending part of the week preparing for my California trip! Next Monday through Thursday, I'll be working from the little apartment I'm renting. But Sunday and Friday I'll be at Disneyland!!! The following Saturday will be a day of rest before I travel back home that Sunday. I also have the day off on November 11th for Veteran's Day. I'm not sure what I'll do that day just yet...hehehe

I didn't journal yesterday. I had a really good momentum going last week. But yesterday, I didn't get around to doing it. Throughout the day, my path didn't bring me to the keyboard to write here. And by the time I settled in the evening, I decided I didn't want to sit at the computer. When I woke this morning, I just felt like going back to it...hehehe

I did not end up having lunch with Valerie yesterday. As I've stated before, I'm grateful for the brief time our journey's crossed. I had hoped a friendship would happen. I hope I added to her life the times we took those walks. I know she added to mine through her stories. And I've been praying for her. So, taking thoughts of her to the Lord has been a blessing.

It was strange that I wasn't disappointed in not having lunch with her yesterday. I extended the invitation on Tuesday and she seemed quite excited about it. She even suggested we have a seafood meal at a seaside restaurant. It was to be a farewell meal as she is moving next week. But on Wednesday, she wanted to change it to having a pizza at the pool...hehehe By the time our walk was over that day, it became more of a *we'll see how she feels on Sunday*. When it didn't happen yesterday, I was already prepared. I had set my expectations with her on Tuesday, and she decided not to accept those expectations by Wednesday...hehehe The growth I've experienced this year enabled me to realize that it's okay when things do not work out quite like we expect or hope. But with the right heart posture, things work out better than we expect or hope for. God is always working out things for our good and for His Glory. And I have peace about things not working out for our friendship.

## 09:40am

In my Bible study notes from last week, I briefly described a weekly tradition at my parents' house. I decided I wanted to talk about it here today too. Last week's lesson was about the sabbath. Growing up, we went to church and had a sort of family day at home. Nothing too special. But it remains special in my heart because it was *my* childhood...hehehe

Once we all moved out of our parents' house, got married, and had children, our parents decided to host a weekly family lunch after church for whomever could make it each week. They would prepare the meal and we would all sit around this large farmhouse table. It was one of those tables that could extend or shrink depending on how many would be sitting around it. My brother and his family still have this lunch with our parents most Sundays. My sister and I now live in Florida and rarely get to participate.

I hope to enjoy this lunch with them all on my next visit. I originally planned to go up for a week. I'm now tempted to be there for two weeks...hehehe Cherie and I were talking about Thanksgiving week on our call yesterday. It prompted a thought that I may go to Indiana for Thanksgiving this year. At this point, it is merely a thought. But it would be the first time in about six years that I will have been in Indiana for Thanksgiving...LOL I stopped doing Thanksgiving years ago. Long story short, there were family issues with my in-laws back then that inspired being in Florida each year for Thanksgiving...hehehe

I miss Thanksgiving and Christmas with my extended family. They all still gather to this day...well, those who still live near grandma. I haven't been a part of those gatherings for years. My last marriage really did some damage...hehehe Damage I've already healed from and I'm ready to get back to former traditions I enjoyed. Although the fallout from my bad marriages isn't over in some hearts, it is for mine. Who knows, perhaps my being there will help heal those other hearts? There's a thought I should consider!

These are just thoughts for now. Being away from home for two weeks will not be easy. My life is in Florida now...at least for now. But I do think I'm at a point in my personal growth that will afford me the opportunity to spend two weeks in Indiana this year without fully disrupting my health. Food-wise, I could see if mom will allow me to make my own food. Sleep-wise, I do sleep well there. Exercise is still possible as I can take plenty of walks. And now that I'm sort of going with the flow instead of being set to a solid routine, I think I can manage to accept whatever schedule or routine I need to do to accept come what may for two weeks up there...hehehe

The main point I'm making is that for the first time in years, I'm very much looking forward to having time in Indiana...hehehe

## 11:20am

I've mentioned that I don't really have a routine right now. Well, technically, I do have *a routine*. There are still things I must do each day to manage my responsibilities. For example, I do have a day job...LOL I'm more talking about how I had established a very specific set of activities at specific times of the day. It was in an effort to find balance of mind, spirit, and body. I'd eat at the same time, walk at the same time for the same distance, shower, sleep, etc...all at the same times each day. I loved it.

Starting just over a month ago, all of that got tossed into the air. I still eat, work, walk, shower, sleep, etc. However, with the exception of my work hours, none of that is at the same time anymore. Even with work, I don't always start and stop at the exact same time each day. I get in my hours for the week and get the work done. But that's about it. I don't really know moment to moment what will come because there isn't a planned routine now. Guess what!? I love this too!

I think I wrote this the other day. But it was like I had imprisoned myself into my set routine. I had become a slave to it. It controlled me because I allowed it to. Now I feel free...hehehe

I took a short walk a little while ago. I only did one lap around the pond. That's because I stopped and talked to a few people. I officially met Karen. I've seen her walking around the complex ever since I've lived here. We've talked a few times. But this time I officially introduced myself. I also stopped at the Bark Park to visit with Lavender, Autumn, and Maddi. They happened to be out there at the same time as my walk. Considering the time it took to talk to all three women, I didn't have time to walk a full mile (three laps). I just did the one lap.

I was glad to be able to call mom and dad last night. Just like how my routine is more of a random *go with the flow*, I don't always call them at the same time or day anymore...hehehe I think I called near 9pm and we talked for about 45 minutes or so. I used to call them at the exactly the same time each Sunday and talk for exactly an hour. I'll not be able to call them the next few weekends. So I may try to call them on different nights. Like, next Monday night I should be able to call them. It will still be early evening in California. But it will be nighttime in Indiana...hehehe

I did a funny Budford song again today. This one was *The Fox (What does the fox say?)* that I aptly named *The Budford*. When he gets to the part of what *Budford* would say, it was all *ME ME ME ME ME ME MEEEEEEE*... LOL I think it was the other day when I was driving that the song came to mind. So I recorded it this morning...hehehe When I thought about it the other day, I was like, *there is no more perfect song for Budford than that*...LOL

## 02:35pm

Valerie texted me asking if I would be willing to help her move on Sunday. She then acknowledged she did not hangout with me yesterday for lunch and pondered if she had offended me. I wasn't offended whatsoever and then reminded her I would be in California on Sunday and would not be able to help her move. I did not apologize for not being able to help, though. My people pleasing self used to apologize for things I had no control over or for plans I had already made...hehehe This time, I simply stuck with the facts and didn't allow guilt to control me.

We exchanged a few more texts which included a statement that she did end up by the pool eventually. She wanted to read but ended up hanging out with some coworkers who were gathered at the pool and who must also live in our complex. Again, I did not feel offended whatsoever. In fact, I told her it made my heart happy that she was able to hangout with them before her move next week. I wished her my best for her move, as well. And she wished me her best for my trip.

Not only did none of that offend me, I wasn't even hurt. I honestly do not know why things worked out like they did. And like I said, I'm grateful for this brief moment in my journey. I genuinely hope that I at least added a little to her journey. And I'll continue to pray for her as the Spirit inspires. As for me, it was at the very least a good test of where my heart is these days.

The time I was suppose to spend with her yesterday, I spent praying and enjoying God's presence. I read a few chapters from the Bible for my *Bible in a Year* plan while sitting out by the pool. It was a pleasant experience. As I said earlier, it wasn't quite like I expected or hoped for. But it turned out so much better than I hoped or expected <3

