# TBD

## 07:55am

A new day dawns! A gloomy day outside...hehehe But I will still rejoice and be glad in it! After all, this is Florida. I imagine the sun will shine brightly in just a little bit...LOL

I didn't sleep well last night. Sometimes I don't really know why that happens. But I think this time it was because of the kind of day I had yesterday. I felt it was a good day. But it also triggered some of my overthinking toward the end right before bed. I feel as though my journal entry yesterday somewhat describes it well. It was a rollercoaster. I tend to look at the bright side these days. But I think my lack of good sleep is a good indicator that the rollercoaster I experienced yesterday wasn't so good after all.

I'll be okay, though. I have started this day with a great attitude! I do have a slight anxiety left over from yesterday. It is drawing me into prayer. I always see positive in praying...hehehe God cares about what I care about, right?!

Well, it's time to start my workday...hehehe

## 10:30am

I'm working on a support issue at work that I don't know a lot about. It's part of the new responsibilities I've taken on this year. I'm still in that *I don't know what I don't know* stage and haven't a clue what questions to ask sometimes...LOL I keep reaching out to my boss to have him walk me through some stuff. This one is very similar to one we worked on recently. So, I've been able to do some research on my own. I may end up needing to pull him again, though. If the resolution is what I think it is, I don't actually have access to resolve it...LOL

I took a mid-morning break and walk. As predicted earlier, the sun indeed is shining brightly once again...hehehe It was a pleasant walk and a great time for prayer. I had some people on my heart to pray for. And I had some things about my life on my heart to pray for.

As seems the normal thing between single people, the topic of dating and romance came up last night. Why does that always seem to come up?!...hehehe It actually does make sense considering relationships are always on the mind. I sometimes wish romantic relationships wouldn't be a topic, though. I didn't bring it up this time...LOL I don't mind talking about it with people I know well. But it seems to happen even with new friendships. And for me personally, it happens when I'm becoming friends with single women. I suppose it's okay, though. If they want to talk about, I'm happy to listen.

As the topic came up again last night, that was one of the things I prayed about on my walk. I considered Adam at the beginning of time. He is the only human who ever existed who did not have another human in his life for a period of time. I wonder what that was like?..hehehe But then my heart quickly went to how God created for him a helpmate with Eve. It seems people aren't meant to ever be alone?

I do not currently want to be in a romantic relationship. I'm grateful for all of my friendships with women. Something I mentioned last night is that I can't often maintain friendships with women when I'm in a romantic relationship. I've always been with a woman who somehow felt threatened by my friendships with other women. So, I question whether I really desire to deal with that again.

I'm currently in a season where I want to have a companion to share experiences with. But I don't desire sharing all of life with. Not that I cannot make such a commitment. It's more about what I'd have to give up if I did. The cost seems too great in this season of my life. I'd rather have a friend I can spend time with who is also living their own journey. I'd even love to have such be a neighbor. Someone to take walks with and on occasion go and do something. It doesn't even need to be anything that costs money. Just shared experiences. An independent set of journeys that run parallel most of the time and sometimes intersects <3

