# Our August Vacation - Part 1

I had another nightmare last night. This one was more about how *I'm not good enough*. Of course, that isn't true. But I've been in situations where I was made to feel that way and the nightmare involved some people who...yeah...Anyway, I'm not really sure where these nightmares are coming from all of a sudden. But I otherwise feel rested. I didn't wake with anxiety this time. I had more of a sense of *overcoming* those past feelings. I know my *worth* now.

Today's entry wasn't drafted by hand first. I decided to type it out from the get-go so I could focus more on its purpose. But I typed it using my Manta instead of my MacBook...hehehe

A week ago, I had a travel day to California for what became my favorite vacation. I hand-wrote notes throughout the trip in hopes that I would journal about it all when I got home. So, I'll be starting that process today by talking about that first day. Although it was a travel day, it was full and there's plenty to talk about...hehehe

I woke up around 4:30am my time. That meant I was awake at 1:30am Pacific time...the time zone I was headed to that day...hehehe I had hoped to sleep a little longer. But it worked out well. I didn't feel so rushed to get out the door as a result. I found a brilliant parking spot at the economy garage at the airport. Going through security was a breeze this time. I had my new photo ID. This was my second trip with the new ID...hehehe I was able to enjoy the sunrise before I boarded my first plane.

The first flight was long. It was about 4 and half hours. For some reason, I thought it was supposed to be about 6 hours. So, it wasn't as long as I thought it would be...LOL I finished reading a book I started on my last trip; which was a quick weekend trip to Indiana. I then started another book; a biography on Walt Disney and how he built his legacy. I also started journaling about my old prayer ministry, Internet Community Church (yet unpublished as of today). The second flight was super short since it was only from Las Vegas to Orange County.

Getting my rental vehicle was pretty easy. This was my first time doing it at this airport. The last time I flew into SNA, I just Lyft'ed everywhere. I decided I would rent a vehicle this time. I'm glad I did. It worked out really well and had a significant cost reduction over ride sharing like Uber and Lyft over the course of the trip. Plus the freedom of just going wherever and whenever I needed. They gave me a Dodge Durango. I liked it. I especially liked that it had Apple CarPlay so I could use *my* navigation tools and music...hehehe

This was my first time at this Ayres location. It was just as nice as the one I stayed at in Diamond Bar last year. I've already booked my next stay there in November...LOL The staff was very friendly and helpful. Once again, they had the perfect desk chair. I inquired about them but found out I can't purchase one for home through the company they get them from. The hotel is in a great spot. It's within walking distance of ARTIC, Angels Stadium, and some really nice restaurants. And it's a quick drive to the Disneyland Resort. So, this Ayres has become my go-to hotel for most of my trips to the area. Due to my early morning, and the need to stay up *late* to ensure a successful transition to the time zone, I took a quick nap. I didn't really *sleep*. But I did get good eyes-closed rest.

After my nap, I decided to head over to Downtown Disney District. I'm really glad I did. It was an enjoyable evening and I was able to get some tacos for Taco Tuesday...hehehe I got the tacos at Triendita. They were pretty good. I need to remember not to get the avocado next time. Or ask for *light*...because they put way too much on...LOL At about that time, I ran into a couple who were dressed as Cinderella and the Prince. They kindly allowed me to snap a photo so I could send to mom. Cinderella is her favorite.

Ooh! I forgot to mention...after I parked, I followed some folks expecting that they were headed to DTD too. It turned out they were not and I went the wrong way to get there. It took me a bit to find it even after a Cast Member gave me some direction. The signage in the area confused me a bit. But once I got my bearings straight, I realized just how easy it actually is to get around there. The problem was definitely me...LOL

After dinner, I walked around to check out Downtown Disney. I wanted to find a cup of Joffrey's coffee. They don't serve it there. There is apparently only 2 places to get it. One is in DCA. The other is at Disneyland Hotel. I found this out from a Cast Member. Since DCA wasn't an option, I headed over to Disneyland Hotel. When I got to the coffee shop there, I found out it had recently closed...LOL I missed it by about 30 minutes or so. I was out of luck for my first cup of Joffrey's coffee at Disneyland Resort...LOL

I still wanted coffee, so I looked for another alternative that wasn't Starbucks. This led me to *Sip & Sonder*. They sell fancy coffee. I really just wanted black coffee. But then I noticed they had a chai latte named *The Sparrow*. Thinking about Cherie's *Merciful Heavens*, I decided *The Sparrow* was the drink for me...hehehe After I ordered it, they asked if I had any discounts like the Magic Key or something else. I said, "No, unless my smile can get me a discount!" They laughed, smiled, and then gave me a discount...LOL It made my heart happy that my smile, and funny personality, got me a discount...hehehe While I waited for my drink, there was a family also waiting on drinks who were trying to take a photo together. The mother was taking the picture of the father and children. I offered to take the picture so the mother could be in it too. They gladly accepted and she was so excited to be in the picture too. It sounds like she is never in them...hehehe The little girl was in a Snow White dress. So I told them to smile and say "Snow White" as I snapped the photo.

After I was handed my coffee, I walked around and discovered a place called *Beignets Expressed*. So I decided to have a little treat with my coffee...hehehe They were fantastic. And after having that snack and finishing my coffee, I went to *World of Disney* to pick out some pins for Cherie and I to give away on our Disney Day as *warm hugs*. The cashier commented that I must be a pin collector. I said yes but that these sets were for giving away as warm hugs...hehehe I told her about how Cherie and I were dressing as Dapper Disney bounding Belle and Gaston and giving the pins away. The cashier loved that and asked if I had any discounts. I said the same smile discount joke. She laughed, said she loved that, and *did not* give me a discount...LOL

I was able to see the sunset before I left Downtown Disney. This was my first time ever seeing the sunrise on the East Coast and seeing the sunset on the West Coast on the same day. It was an amazing Blessing and I'm so glad I have photos of the experience.

After the Downtown Disney fun, I headed back to the hotel to watch the Dodgers/Angels game. It was a fantastic game. Alas, the Dodgers lost. I took my shower and was in bed at a normal West Coast time.

And that was my first day in California <3

Side note: I received some bad news today. Everything will be okay. It just isn't okay in the moment. God is good. These things are heavy. But they feel lighter when we carry them together. I am grateful for my family and friends. I love you, Mom. You've got this because He's got you <3

[Part 2](./21_our-august-vacation-part-2)

[Part 3](../09/04_our-august-vacation-part-3)