# Good to be Back
### 2026/03/17

I'm thinking about cutting my own hair this time. I haven't done that in ages. With the exception of those 4 years of shaving my head, the last time I tried to cut my own hair was back in 2001. Even when I started shaving my head, I had someone else get it down to where I could start shaving. This will be a fun experiment. I decided I wanted to try it because I'm finding it difficult to make time to go to get it cut by a professional. The most convenient times for me never seem to align with my motivation to go get it cut. Doing it myself at home means I can do it whenever I feel like it. I'm sensing this Saturday...wish me luck!

I'm having "trouble" landing on this week's art piece for the Bible study. I had this "trouble" a few pieces ago when I had several ideas. It finally landed then. It will land again this week. Once again, I have several ideas of what it could be. If I were doing this for a living, I could do all of my ideas and just throw the other ideas into other collections. Alas, I don't have the time needed to complete all of the ideas I've been having lately. So, I'm sticking to one a week for now. With a few other projects sprinkled in that aren't related to any of this.

I'm excited about spending my birthday at Disney on Friday. 2 years ago, I did't do anything Disney related around my birthday. But all the other years I've lived here, I've gone at some point to celebrate my birthday. I remember going on the actual birthday in 2023. That was the year the Tron ride did their soft opening on my birthday and I was able to secure a spot. The locker I got was also 320! That was a really neat experience. The year after, I didn't go. But last year, I celebrated at Disney at the beginning of the month with my nephews as they celebrated their birthdays. Theirs were belated  (from Jan and Feb). We also celebrated Grandma's 90th by proxy. This year, I'm going on my actual birthday and I'll be hanging with my brother and niece. I'm surprising my brother by dapper bounding as Figment; his favorite character. He and my niece invited me to join them and I am so excited to go.

I'm trying this new thing to help me focus that I'm not quite ready to talk about yet. It isn't a secret or anything. I'm just not sure how to describe it yet and it is still evolving. But I will say that it has increased my productivity at work beyond my understanding. It's also helped in my personal life too. I hope to be able to describe it well soon. But it's basically about looking at the "next 30 minutes" and focusing on just that moment of the day. Whatever I need to do in that 30 minutes is all I'm trying to think about. There are exceptions to it and my technique leaves room for flexibility. But it has helped make focusing easier and my day more manageable. I've been discussing it with my boss in our 1:1 meetings these past few weeks. So, I imagine I'll be able to write more about it soon. I also hope that it continues to work and that this isn't just a momentary solution to my focus struggles.

My cherry blossoms will soon by in bloom on my LEGO Bonsai tree. I've been doing the cycles of the tree since 2020. So, this is my 7th season with it. This year I learned that the real blossoms only bloom for a week. I've allowed them to bloom on my tree for a few weeks each year. But this year, I'll handle their process for just one week. I think that will make me appreciate them even more. I've read that one of the beauties of the real blossoms is there brief existence. It's a great reminder of how temporary everything really is. The good and the bad.

I loved going to the sea on Sunday. I hadn't planned to have lunch there. But I felt it in my heart to do so. I'm so glad I did. The experience was amazing. I hadn't had lunch by the sea in well over a year. I've eaten at "seaside" places a few times last year. But they were by lakes and rivers. This place is literally beside the sea. I could jump from the place and land in the Gulf. I was walking along the seawall when I saw they had plenty of available seating at their tiki hut. So I walked around, took a seat, and had lunch.

I miss doing such things. I suppose I just lost my way a little these past few years. After the Winter I just had, I realized I had stopped doing some of the things I loved most about living in Florida. Perhaps I'll make this one of my many changes this year and get back into the things I love. I'm always doing things I love. But there are so many things I lost without intending to do so.

Today's entry seems full of random thoughts. I've missed writing. I'm glad to be back at it now. It's good to be back...back to a lot of things...