# TBD

I haven't blogged in a week. I suppose I've been a bit *busy*...LOL Part of the busyness was that I traveled to Indiana Friday through Sunday. These last few days have been recovery from that trip. It was good to see family. It was my brother's 50th birthday on Sunday. We were all there. We got a *selfie* at lunch on Sunday. But we didn't do a formal photo of the group. It was the first time in quite a while that we were all together. We were all together in March. But I don't think we actually gathered as an immediate family that time. It was grandma's 90ᵗʰ birthday and family and friends celebrated her. But I don't think we all gathered with my parents on that trip. I could be wrong, of course...LOL

On Saturday, mom and dad, my sister and her husband, and Malachi and I went to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Museum. We were there for about 4 hours. We would have stayed longer, but we were getting hungry. They recently remodeled the museum. It's fantastic. I'd like to go again. It wasn't very expensive. They had additional tours of the track you can do that cost more. We talked about doing one. But the hunger vetoed that...LOL

I ate way too much on this trip. But that's *what you do* on vacation...LOL The food was good for the most part. The best meal was at a brew pub in my hometown. I had shrimp tacos for Fish Friday. They were amazing! All of the other food was good. But not worth noting...LOL

I was a little concerned about the airports due to the government shutdown. But we didn't experience any issues. I hope they can come to an agreement soon. I'm scheduled to travel to California next month. My next trip to Indiana is likely going to be a road trip the first week of December. But if the government gets back to work, I may plan another weekend up before then.

I bought yet another e-ink device. This one is the Boox Note Air 4C. It's a color e-ink Android tablet with a screen size similar to my Supernote Manta. There are 3 primary use cases for my decision to try it. The first was to have
