# New Month

I haven't blogged in a week. I suppose I've been a bit *busy*...LOL Part of the busyness was that I traveled to Indiana Friday through Sunday. These last few days have been recovery from that trip. It was good to see family. It was my brother's 50th birthday on Sunday. We were all there. We got a *selfie* at lunch on Sunday. But we didn't do a formal photo of the group. It was the first time in quite a while that we were all together. We were all together in March. But I don't think we actually gathered as an immediate family that time. It was grandma's 90ᵗʰ birthday and family and friends celebrated her. But I don't think we all gathered with my parents on that trip. I could be wrong, of course...LOL

On Saturday, mom and dad, my sister and her husband, and Malachi and I went to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Museum. We were there for about 4 hours. We would have stayed longer, but we were getting hungry. They recently remodeled the museum. It's fantastic. I'd like to go again. It wasn't very expensive. They had additional tours of the track you can do that cost more. We talked about doing one. But the hunger vetoed that...LOL

I ate way too much on this trip. But that's *what you do* on vacation...LOL The food was good for the most part. The best meal was at a brew pub in my hometown. I had shrimp tacos for Fish Friday. They were amazing! All of the other food was good. But not worth noting...LOL

I was a little concerned about the airports due to the government shutdown. But we didn't experience any issues. I hope they can come to an agreement soon. I'm scheduled to travel to California next month. My next trip to Indiana is likely going to be a road trip the first week of December. But if the government gets back to work, I may plan another weekend up before then.

I bought yet another e-ink device. This one is the Boox Note Air 4C. It's a color e-ink Android tablet with a screen size similar to my Supernote Manta. There are 3 primary use cases for my decision to try it. The first was to have an e-ink device for that final step of taking my content from creation on the Supernote devices and publishing them...like on my blog. I've been using my MacBook for that. But now I can have an e-ink experience from start to finish. We'll see how that goes. Since it is a full Android tablet experience, I can use apps that will help me do desktop-like things like using a code editor; which is what I use to publish my website.

The second use case is digital art. I find the iPad drains me physically and mentally. Since e-ink has been helpful in both areas, I thought I'd give this color e-ink tablet a try. I can do monochrome on the Supernotes. But I thought color would be fun. We'll see how that goes too. I'll create *my tree* and do a Bingford sketch.

The third use case is email and basic browsing, with some social media perhaps. Email is primary in this list. But I can see how browsing sites and social media might come in handy on a color e-ink screen. The Boox Palma 2 I got last month has been falling short with all of these use cases; which was primarily why I bought it...LOL

Note taking on this new device looks promising. But I don't see myself doing any long form writing. The writing *feel* falls short in comparison to the Supernote devices. I'll try to do some note taking and see how that goes. But it isn't remotely why I'm giving it a try. And I definitely do not see myself doing long form writing by hand with it.

I had food truck food for dinner. It was one that came to my apartment complex. I had jerk chicken, collard greens, and some sort of pasta. It was fantastic. I was glad to be home to enjoy a food truck...LOL Too bad it wasn't a taco truck for Taco Tuesday...L0L I also had one of their drinks. I think it must have been full of sugar because I *felt* it...LOL I hope they come back someday. I'd get their food again.

Well, so far, my first attempt at using code editing to publish this blog post wasn't ideal. But that's because I am using the GitHub website to do it. I thought maybe it would work; which it technically *does* work. But it isn't designed for this. So, next time, I'll try a native code editor designed to run on Android tablets. That should improve things. But for now, that's a wrap on this entry...LOL
