# Zen

Today has gone a little differently than I expected. I had a late start as I slept in a little. Also, since it's Saturday, I wasn't in any rush to get going. I had my usual coffee and toast for breakfast. And that's when things went differently.

I finally did more work on my latest short story. I actually added quite a bit more than I thought I would. In fact, I feel as though it is near completion. I hoped to complete it soon. So I'm happy with the progress I made this morning. I also decided I'll be doing an illustration for the story. Possibly two. So I began researching how I'd like to do that/those. I wasn't expecting to be inspired to illustrate such a story. But I'm glad that came to my heart today. I'm really excited about it.

I did some of my laundry this morning as well. I didn't really plan that for today. But I saw the opportunity while I was writing. I still have more to do. So I'll probably get around to that tomorrow.

I had been thinking about seeing the new Tron movie. I'm a fan. So I looked up show times for the movie today. This was something I definitely did not expect for today. I picked the showtime near when I have lunch. I was able to use my movie points to get a free hotdog. That's something I've been craving. So I'm glad to have gotten one today. And a free one! I also got their snack pack with a child's popcorn, soda, and fruit gummies. Not a healthy lunch. But it was fun.

I really liked the movie. It's another one that gets a lot of hate on social media. There were some things about it I didn't like. But overall, I thought it was a good story. The effects were good. And the acting wasn't too bad. I felt it fits well in the Tron universe and it was my kind of movie. But I can certainly see why it isn't a movie for everyone. And it really doesn't seem like a Disney film. None of the Tron films seem Disney.

After the movie, I went home and started my LEGO Japanese Maple tree. I was able to get through bag 1. Most of the base is done. It's basically the *pot* the *bonsai* sits in. This is such a fun build. I'm going to take my time on it and let it *grow* with me along the way. There's no rush.

As I was building, I started to get hungry. Zen Kitchen was on my mind. I wrote about it yesterday. Cherie mentioned it this morning. I was building a Japanese Maple tree. So, I went to Zen kitchen. I didn't think I'd be going there anytime soon. But that's just the kind of day I've had. Unexpected things all day. I had some kind of peach mocktail, miso soup, chicken lo mein, a coconut thing with fresh fruit for dessert, and coffee. I sat outside to enjoy this beautiful day. I usually just eat at the bar. But I wanted a table this time and outside was the perfect setting. They seemed happy to see me. We all acknowledged it had been awhile.

While I was enjoying Zen, I wrote a lot of this journal entry and sketched part of a tree I could see off in the distance. A few people inquired as to what my device was. They could clearly see it was not ordinary paper. Yet it appeared I was writing with a pen in a notebook. They were fascinated by my Supernote Nomad. Electronic *ink* and *paper* are still uncommon to see. It's gaining exposure because places like Best Buy and Amazon have them now. Best Buy being a place to buy multiple brands and try them out. And Amazon has their own with the Kindle Scribe. Plus so many other e-ink options on Amazon. But these things aren't mainstream, aren't cheap, and the major brands you see at Best Buy or the Kindle aren't general use tablets. Most of these won't replace your normal iPad or Android tablet. Even the Boox devices wouldn't appeal to the masses because they aren't as zippy as a normal screen. But I love these things and they work great for me.

I'm glad I went to Zen kitchen tonight. Writing outside and sketching really made my heart happy. I still love eating there. And this was the first time I sat outside. It was the perfect place to be at the perfect time.

When I was driving home, New Port Richey was getting busy. It's Saturday night after all. So I had to take an alternate route home due to traffic. It took longer than usual. But I didn't mind. It was a beautiful drive. And I still got home in time to enjoy a nice 1 mile walk around the pond.

Cherie shared part of her day with me. She went to a car show and sent some photos. It made my heart happy. I love when she shares those things with me. Perhaps that's something else that inspired me to go to Zen? When I went last November, there was a car show just outside Zen. I shared that moment with her through photos. Then I got on a plane and had an adventure with her in California. So seeing those photos from her today may have tipped the scale into Zen's favor for my dining choice tonight.

Tonight, I'll be reading chapter 3 of the blended Gospels book. I've read it before. I bought it a little over a year ago for Cherie and I. I decided to read it again in this season of my life. Each time I read the Gospels, I learn new things about Jesus' life. I want to follow Him and live my life as He did. I'm glad to be back into an intentional focus on the Gospels. Especially in the form of this book. It reads more like a book than a study. And it doesn't include the scripture references in the main content. I need this sometimes.

Today's theme and vibe has been Zen. I've meditated on various thoughts throughout the day. And I've followed my intuition to see where the day might go. I didn't fight or resist. I just flowed peacefully and calmly through each moment. Transitioning from one moment to the next without expectation or anticipation. I personally attribute this to trusting God and allowing the Holy Spirit to guide me. But I wouldn't describe it as God *speaking* to me or *hearing His Voice*. I just went with whatever I was feeling in the moment and my heart is happy with how the day went. And doing so with the intent to discover more about God through my experiences.