# What's Next?

I tried to write this on my Note Air4 C to see what the writing experience is like on it. I hadn't yet tried to use it for extended periods of writing. Well, it was not good...LOL I ordered a film to apply to the screen to help with the experience. My issue was the feel and not the software. But I suppose I also don't like the way those Boox tablets look as I write. They look like a computer tablet. Whereas the Supernote devices look like a paper notebook. And the writing feel is perfect for me on the Supernotes.

Anyway, I didn't sleep well at all last night. That's two nights in a row. I had a bad night late last week too. I'm not sure if this is a sign of something or not. It could just be this month. It has not been a great one. At least from my perspective. But I can't complain. I'm doing better than a lot of other people in the world. I'm just not going to say I'm doing great. There's quite a bit on my heart I'm not really sure how to feel about it. What I'm going through is new. I'm taking this to God.

It sounds like I'm getting my annual review on Thursday. My usual one-on-one with my boss was rescheduled from today to Thursday with a note about doing the review. I'm glad we are finally getting that done with. We haven't done that in a few years because of the transition last year. I was glad it was skipped last year and hoped we wouldn't have to do them again. Oh well.

When I was posting yesterday's featured photo, I couldn't help but be amazed at how some things I had hoped for turned out amazingly better. I try to manage my expectations well. But sometimes, I set my hopes pretty high. And although there are things that don't meet my expectations, I've started to notice that God had something better planned. I haven't always had eyes to see that. In this current season I'm in, I'm reflecting on what I have and not so much on what I don't. So many hopes were shattered in my life. But what God has given me became so much better than those hopes.

I used to worry about most things. Beginning in 2020, I started to worry less. And these last two years have led to a sense of not worrying about much, really. The Bible lessons we are doing for *The Chosen*, season 5, have led me to pray about my lack of worry. I don't want to grow numb to the concerns of life. I still live in the world after all. I still empathize with others, though. So I haven't lost empathy. I'm just wondering if my lack of worry is leaving me blind to certain things. I'm glad I don't worry about all of the things that used to *keep me up at night*. But is this *peace* that I'm feeling? Or I am neglecting something that needs my attention?

There was a major outage with AWS in the East Coast region today. I wonder if *The Pour Over* will cover it? I feel bad for those impacted by it. It sounded pretty bad. It didn't really impact me. These things sometimes do. I imagine a lot of changes will come from this. It brings to light how dependant so many things have become on the technology people tend to take for granted. When things work, we don't notice. But when things stop working, everyone notices. I've been in this field for decades now. I learned a long time ago the importance of redundancy. That's why I use more than one service to backup my most valuable files. Those systems are completely independent of each other. I don't believe any of them use AWS. But my website does, I believe. The files themselves are backed up elsewhere, though. I've had to do disaster recovery enough in my career that I've adopted these practices for my personal stuff. That said, there isn't a fool proof method to prevent all disasters. There will always be *something* that could go wrong. As Amazon was reminded of today.

What are (am) you (I) going to do next? You know, besides looking for the answer to that question...LOL