# Focus

I've been wanting to journal for days now. I just never got around to it. I also thought about doing a timestamp entry today. But alas, I did not...LOL I may set a goal to write something in my journal daily next year. Sort of like how I have featured a photo each day this year. That's been fun this year. I don't plan to do that daily next year, though. So journaling daily might be a nice way to reflect on my day everyday in 2026. Considering how we only have 2 months left, I'm reflecting on this year and looking forward to the next.

I'm back on my Supernote Manta for writing this entry today. Yesterday, I received my Note Air5 C. I love it. It's a good improvement on the Note Air4 C. I see folks talking about how it isn't an improvement. But they are just looking at specs without owning the device. I'm literally comparing the actual experience. It was worth the upgrade in my opinion. Now I need to decide what to do with the old one. I've been using the new one for my daily work notes for a few days. It'll be great for that. But I don't think journaling on it will ever work. The Supernote is a superior writing experience for long form in almost every way. For me at least.

I stayed up until 3am to watch game 3 of the World Series. I'm so glad the Dodgers won. There was a lot of history in the game. I'm a huge fan of history and love to witness it unfold. At 18 innings, it was like watching 2 games. I sure hope tonight's doesn't go like last night. As good a game as it was, I'm not sure any of us can go through that 2 days in a row...LOL In Ohtani's interview, he expressed his desire to go to bed so he'd be ready to open for tonight's game. After he said that, I turned the TV off and went to bed myself...hehehe I'm writing this and posting it before tonight's game. I hope they win tonight. Perhaps I'll write about a victory tomorrow...hehehe It is currently 1 game to 2 in favor of the Dodgers.

I asked to take a break from our Bible study this week. I have been neglecting some things on my heart that I wanted to focus on this week. The Bible study process I've evolved into kind of makes me super focused on that lately. I took a sabbatical from Sunday church this month. And I realized I hadn't yet focused on that. So, this week I'm using the spiritual focus I've been giving to the Bible study to focus on my feelings about what is on my heart about where I fit in the church today. I'm so grateful for our fellowship and so glad to be doing Bible studies with Cherie. So I already miss it. I'm equally grateful she is praying with me about this. I think this will be a good week of spiritual discovery in this area of my personal journey. I'm already planning to return to CUMC this Sunday. I'm also putting some intentional focus on understanding the Church of today. I'm not sure I'll formally document my findings. But I'm learning a lot about things I either never knew or that I never understood well.

I'm also doing something new at work to help with focus there. Starting today, I'm now in a small informal group that meets at 8am to go over what we each plan to do that day. I have to adjust my morning to make it to the meeting. I've been logging on around 8:45am lately. But I can already see how this meetup will be beneficial. At least for now. I thought it would be rough today considering I stayed up until 3am and also lost another hour of sleep I usually get...LOL But I was actually the first one at the meetup. And I managed to get through the day without much trouble. I'm tired. But very functional.

Malachi got a job today. I'm excited for him and very proud. It really gave him a boost. It's something he truly wants to do and is excited for. That makes my heart so happy <3