# TBD

It was a bit of a *rough* morning. I use that word loosely. At the 30k foot view, it as a fantastic morning. But there was a moment of stress that reminded me of a *scary* part of myself. Again, I'm using *that* word loosely as well...hehehe That brief moment of stress made me feel like I might have actually gotten angry. It has been so long since I've been angry that I don't even remember when that was. I didn't want today to be the day when I'd have to restart that clock...LOL

I have a love/hate relationship with technology. When it works and I understand how it works, I love it...hehehe When it doesn't work or I don't understand how it works, I hate it...ugh! Once again, I felt really old today for a brief moment. The technology was working just fine. I just didn't understand how it worked...LOL Another way to say it, it wasn't working the way I thought it should...hehehe I can be a square peg trying to fit into a round hole sometimes. So I walked away...hehehe

It's my understanding that cortisol is the stress hormone. My guess is that what I was experiencing caused my body to produce an extra dose of cortisol to trigger my flight or fight response? It does a lot more than that. But I'm guessing it had something to do with how I felt in the moment in this context. A previous version of *Greg* would have fought the technology until it did what I wanted...LOL I decided to walk away...or take the flight approach...hehehe

What resulted was I ended up making posts on Instagram and Facebook in the Stories feature. What I wanted to do originally was produce a single video of 4 clips. It seemed like a simple task. But I couldn't get the apps I have to do what I wanted. They all kept making the video in the wrong aspect ratio...hehehe I use to produce videos all the time. But it had been a while. The apps work slightly differently than I remember. So the issue is definitely me. I'm sure it is just as simple today as it always has been. I just need to learn the new way...LOL I'm an *old dog*. *New tricks* take me a little longer...hehehe I prefer the old way of simplicity. The *bells and whistles* of a lot of today's apps confuse me. I just wanted to splice the videos in the aspect ratio I recorded them in. It seemed easy to me. I couldn't figure out the apps I have...LOL

Just to be clear, I just wanted a basic edit function to splice 4 videos together into one. No transitions and no sound. No fading and no text...hehehe When I want to produce a more complex video, the tools I have will be just fine. My view of the tools I have were too complicated for such a simple task. I asked Chérie what she uses for the short videos she sends me sometimes. She uses *Splice*...LOL I laughed at the name of the app because the name says exactly what it was I wanted to do...hehehe I downloaded it and created the video I wanted to created this morning. It worked exactly as I expected...hehehe Too bad I didn't have it this morning...LOL Oh well. That's okay. I'm glad I have it for next time...hehehe

Wow! 5 paragraphs about a single moment of my morning...hehehe Why is it that I allow such a silly thing to make such an impact on my life? That's a priority check moment...LOL

We had an *all hands* meeting at noon today. Wait!?! What?!? At noon??? hehehe I suppose not everyone thinks the way I do. But 12-1pm seems like the ideal time for lunch. We are required to start working at 8am. We are required to work until at least 5pm. So, 12-1pm is that sweet spot in the middle. Of course, I imagine not everyone takes an actually lunch break. The people who plan meetings at the noon hour likely don't...LOL

I also see some folks log into work before 8am and are still working away past 5pm. I use to be that guy. At the job where I learned *we are a family* is a red flag for a toxic work environment, I was often there opening up the building before the sun rose and I was the one who locked up well after the sun set. That experience did a lot of damage to me...hehehe I'm over it now, though. When I started to work from home, I knew I needed to get that out of my system. It is far easier to overwork from home than when there is a commute to and from an office...LOL

That reminds me...I finally told my parents that I don't plan on remaining in this career for much longer. I told them I'm considering an early retirement from this career in order to pursue what I'm passionate about. They didn't realize I chose this career to provide for a family. They always thought I had a passion for this. Being really good at something and having a successful career doesn't mean it is a passion. For me, this as been a means to an end. And the closer I get to the end of the career, the more I realize how much I just don't want to do it any longer.

That said, I'm happy to do whatever God has called me to do. If He continues to Bless this career and open doors, whether I am knocking or not, I'll continue with it. Nothing about this career is holding me back and keeping me down. I'm thriving, actually.

Side note: I just checked the battery level on my MacBook Pro. It's currently at 33%. I have no idea how long that leaves me before I need to charge. But I haven't had it on charge in over 2 days. I've used it quite a bit in these 2 days. I'm super happy with the quality of the battery life in this thing...hehehe

I do enjoy what I do for a living. So, my desire to leave the career has nothing to do with fulfillment. It has more to do with where my passions are. I love to create. I'm limited in how much time I have for that with a 40+ hour a week career.

Lately it has been easier to create. With my current schedule and routine, I actually have a lot more time and energy than I use to have. I hope this isn't just a season. I hope this will become a lifestyle. It allows me to continue doing what I *must* do for a *living* while still having the capacity to do a lot more of the things I *want* do it for a *loving*.

