# TBD

I was a little sad over the weekend. Nothing to be concerned about. In general, I'm still quite happy. It was just a feeling of sadness that kept me thinking. I suppose I've actually been a bit sad for a bit. I've been quiet sometimes. I've been holding back a bit too. Again, nothing to worry about, really. Last night I got to thinking...I'm just tired. I'm physically, mentally, and spiritually worn.

This month, I've taken a break from my typical lifestyle. I haven't gone out and done much. I haven't even been to Disney in a month. I have only eaten out once in the past month or so. I did take myself to a movie and I went out for some ice cream. Those were very much needed distractions in those moments. I suppose in a way, I've been preparing myself for my upcoming trip to California.

I was talking with my parents last night about how I think I'll be going back to my regular lifestyle after that trip. When I return from California, I'm likely going to go to Disney, maybe the beach, and perhaps get back out on the water. I've not done any of that is so long. Then again, I may not do any of that when I return...hehehe Some things I feel like a need to plan. Other things really do not need planning.

I think one of the things that has been making me sad is my *church situation*. Yesterday, I decided it was time for me to leave theChapel. Now I have to decide how to handle that. I don't feel obligated to *announce* it or anything. By *handle*, I really mean how do I answer people who ask me about it. And how do I handle their reaction. I shouldn't care what people think about what I need to do with my life. But I do care how it affects them. I have friends there that could be impacted by this decision. Do I tell them now? Or do I simply wait and see if they reacted to it. I may draft a text and send it to them individually.

What's next for dear old Greg? I haven't a clue...LOL But I am pretty excited for it. My new outlook on my life this year has been really nice. The heart transformation God has been doing in my life has changed my perspective. It's a bit difficult to explain. Perhaps there are glimpses of it in my journal here? I suppose only God and I truly know what is going on inside this heart of mine. As I mentioned above, I've been holding back a bit. I've been quiet about some of it. I feel that's okay. Are we meant to show everything about ourselves to everyone? I don't think so. Being vulnerable to everyone in my life has been problematic at times...hehehe

I need to be discerning about what I show to people. I need to set boundaries. And those who prove themselves trustworthy can get past the boundaries they've earned the right to cross. One thing I don't want to do is allow my past hurt and pain keep from from enjoying the blessings others can bring. Not everyone is the same. Just because I was hurt by person *X* doesn't mean person *Y* is going to hurt me. I cannot measure *Y* with the same scale as *X*. They are different people, right?!?

The same is true for experiences. Just because one experience was bad doesn't mean the next one is going to be bad. I've learn this to be true with Disney World, as an example. I had a bad experience there to start off my year. But I have since replaced that bad *moment* with so many really great moments. One of my most recent experiences there would never had happened if I would have giving up on Disney as I wanted to at the beginning of the year. The experience I'm referring to is the one where Pluto came up to me on my last visit to EPCOT.

I'm glad I'm writing today. I already feel better. Sometimes it just takes getting these things out of my mind and into words...hehehe

I've been in a lot of pain for several days. And I do mean *a lot*...hehehe I've mostly been experiencing it all in my back. I think that part was due to my chair. That chair is torture. I'm ready to replace it...LOL Today, I'm having a flare up in my upper jaw. The combination of the back and jaw pain has now caused me to have a headache. This trifecta of pain is now affecting my vision. That's never a good sign...hehehe But it always passes. I imagine it will all clear up by the end of the week. It needs to...hehehe I leave for California next week...LOL

This is my last week at my current company. I started as a contractor 4 years ago during the lock downs of 2020. I was hired to work on an AI chatbot to respond to customers' questions about how the pandemic affected their accounts with us. Just over a year later, I was hired as an internal employee and moved on to other work within the company. As I mentioned in January, the company is now outsourcing our work to another company. And, as I also mentioned a few weeks ago, I'm now moving over to the new company. So I'll be a contractor once again...hehehe

One of my colleagues reach out to me today to let me know this is their last week, period. The company decided to lay off him and his team. He is being given a severance package that will allow him to take some time off before needing to find a new opportunity. I've had the honor of working with him for about 3 years now. I don't know if we'll keep in touch or not. We do have each other's contact information. But I don't always stay in touch with former colleagues. We often, and organically, drift apart after our career ties are severed.

