# TBD

## How are You Doing?

Well, hello there, Greg! It's been a few days since you've journaled! How are you doing?

I often get asked how I am doing. It will usually occur when I haven't seen someone for a while or perhaps when I take a social media break. Each time I'm asked that question, I take a quick glance over my life from the time period when I last interacted with the person up until they asked the question.

After having reviewed my own life, I then compare it to the state of the world or to other people's lives I know are in worst circumstances than myself. Granted, I'm using my own scale to compare my own situations to those of others. But as of late, I've had a relatively positive outlook on my own life.

This all leads to almost the same answer every time. Overall, I am well. This seems like a decent answer all things considered. And has been the most common response, it seems as those it satisfies the question of how am I doing in such a way that no further questions are asked.

To be perfectly real, however, it is a deceptively honest answer. Yes, it is *honest*. I *am* doing well, *overall*. But the *deception* is in the avoidance of diving in deeper beyond the overall state of my wellbeing. There are very specific areas of my life in which I am not doing well whatsoever.

First, the good news! That's okay! It's okay for some areas to not be okay. I was never promised a perfect life here on Earth. I was only promised a life worth living. What gives it worth is subjective but is never dependant on my state of mind. As I learn to be content with my circumstances, the more worth I can see in how those circumstances are transforming me into a better version of myself.

But then there is the bad news. I am in pain. Behind the smile is an ache that just cannot seem to be healed. It is a heart that is surrounded by a thicket of thorns that as my heart grows, the thorns pierce and cause me to bleed. I cry out for relief! But the only relief I find is when I retract my heart.

There are very few that I trust with my heart these days. I sometimes talk to people about how I am actually doing. A few that I will explain why I take social media breaks. A few that I will tell about how much job is in a flux of uncertainty. And really no one I tell that I am crying inside more than I am crying on the outside.

As of my writing this, I believe there are only 3 people I have even told this journal exists. Those are the few I talk to about how I am actually doing. But even with them, I hold back a little. My life is so full of broken trust that I am so incredibly broken. This is my space to talk about that brokenness so that I can make sense of it all.

Someday, this journal is likely to be more well known. And that's fine. Those who will read it years from now will likely come here because of how I overcame today's trouble. I publicly put out there how I overcome these things. God has blessed me with the gifts I need to share what I have learned in life. So I freely give that away.

Overall, I am well. I really am. When I make an account of all that I have been through, and all that I have been blessed with, I am doing quite well. When I consider the struggles of today, I know in my heart that I will overcome them. How do I know? I have overcome so many things now that I have absolutely no doubts about it!

I hope, someday, God will either trim back the thicket around my heart or send someone to help cut it all away. I want my heart to grow. I don't want to keep retracting it back for fear of being cut by the thorns. I want my tears of sadness to be transformed into tears of joy. But for now, I'll keep crying whatever tears my come. There is healing in those tears.

