# TBD

## Happy Valentines Day

One of the most difficult phrases for me is *Happy Valentines Day*. Yes, it's true! I hold so much value in the day that it physically hurts me on the years that I'm single. And it hurts even more now that ever before. My heart has been broken so many times now that I almost want to curl up and sleep this day off now. That was, until this year...

I have spent so many years hating myself. But over the course of this past year, I'm learning to love myself for the first time. I'm learning to put more value in who God says I am versus who others say I am. And you know what, I'm starting to hear that there are others who also love who I am. When I focused on what I hated about myself, all I could hear is what others also hated about me. By changing the focus on what God loves about me, I can now see and hear what He and others love about me. That's pretty cool!

Although I have grown this past year mentally, I was still dreading today. My broken heart did not seem ready for this annual reminder that I am lonely at times. I'm actually okay with being single and lonely at times. I just don't like the reminder...hehehe I recall about a month ago that Etsy sent me an email asking if I'd like to turn off their emails about Valentines Day...LOL I of course agreed that I did not want their reminders. But so many other places kept reminding me of this love-based *Hallmark* holiday...hehehe

As the day approached, I had a change of heart. I wanted to stop looking at the day as *Single's Awareness Day* and start to embrace the day as a day of love. Not necessarily love for another person. Just love. God is love! I love my family! I love many of my friends! And, like I said, I'm learning to love me!

I woke up today not expecting to say *Happy Valentines Day* to anyone. I hadn't said it to anyone in quite a while. And having dread for the day, I didn't want to. However, since my heart has been changing as of late, I woke up with the overwhelming feeling to tell someone *Happy Valentines Day*. And only one person came to mind. So I told her...

She has been a blessing and has represented God in my life this past year. She not only prays for me, she also reaches out to me just when I need to hear the right thing in my moments I need to hear what God has to say. She is a deer friend to me and I'm grateful God has allowed our paths to cross.

## The Most Important Word in the Bible

Continuing the book *Your One Life*, chapter 4 begins to discuss what my purpose is. Like most people, I do often wonder what my purpose is. I'm no different that anyone else in that regard. But I am unique. No one else is quite like me. But why am I *me*?

> You didn't create yourself, so there is no way you can tell yourself what you were created for.

~ Rick Warren

Glory