# TBD

## Dreams

Wow! I had some crazy dreams last night! And they felt so real. Sometimes that happens. Sometimes I have dreams so vivid they are more like memories than they are dreams. These dreams were also in vivid color. Often times, the colors are muted or noir.

In the first dream, I was taking a selfie with a group of men. They weren't men I knew. And I don't mean that as in knowing them in real life. I mean that I in the dream, they were random strangers. We were taking the selfie as a group of men who all shaved our heads...hehehe It was one of those "Hey, nice haircut!" joking moments between people. So we took a funny selfie.

If I were to dissect the possible meaning behind this dream, I'd say it is an answer to a question I've been pondering. I've been contemplating whether or not I should allow my hair to grow back or continue shaving my head. It's a simple question in regard to all of the changes my body has been going through lately. It's the same sort of question I asked myself about shaving my beard. I ended up shaving the beard and I'm glad I did.

However, with my head, I like the feeling I had in the dream. I'm going to keep the bald head. I'm really happy with it. One reason I've question this is I often wonder if women find me attractive as a bald man. I really shouldn't care. But I do. And that's okay. I like the feeling of being attractive to someone even if it is just a simple, "he's cute!"

Now, back to the dreams. I had driven my car up to the bald eagle nest at Big Bear Valley in California. I was switching out a video cassette tape in a recording devices that was on the tree observing the nest. I made it back into my car just in time for one of the bald eagles to perch on the top of my car on one of the crossbars I have for my kayak...hehehe Scared me to death!

A park ranger showed up to check on me and wondered why I hadn't moved in hours...LOL When she showed up, the eagle flew up to the nest to join its partner. That's when I noticed an observation deck up in the mountain that was above the eagle nest. It seemed as though park visitors had been watching me this whole time...HAHAHA

Oddly, I did not feel embarrassed by the situation. It was a matter of me doing something I had been tasked to do and part of it made me feel uneasy and scared. But in the end, everything turned out okay.

One of the things I recall the park ranger said to me was, "Besides a huge headache, are you doing okay?!?" By headache, she was referring to the *very* loud squawks from the eagles...LOL Even with my windows rolled up, they would have been incredibly loud in the close proximity. I chuckled at her comment and said I was fine. I thanked her for rescuing me and I went about my day observing the bald eagles from a distance...hehehe

## Vitamin G

