# TBD

## Website

I've been giving my new website some thought. I like the way my blog is going. So far, it has just been a personal journal. I'll probably keep it that way. Any sort of *blog post* other than a journal entry can be considered an article and will just go on my writing site instead of this blog.

I've already established the art site. I just need to get busy moving my existing art pages from the old site to the new one. Then I can begin publishing the rest of my existing art and any new art as I create it.

I'll create a photography site to hold all of my photo content. I'll just publish low resolution copies of my photos. I may sell some photos someday. So I don't want to publish the original high resolution photos on that site. Plus I'd want to toss on a watermark for the ones I sell.

I'm not sure if I'll create a recipe and food site again. The last 2 iterations of my website have included recipes. I seem to have some interest from family and friends to have a *cookbook* of some sort. If I do that, I'll create such a site. But I'm not sure. It seems like a good idea. I'm just not good at writing down my recipes...LOL Then again, publishing them on a website would get me motivated to finally writing it all down...hehehe

As for my writing, I'm not quite sure what I'd call that part of my site. And I'm not sure if I'll lump it all together or make separate sub-sites. I have books, poems, haikus, and articles. Does all of that belong under a single umbrella? Or do I divide it up a little? Decisions, decisions...hehehe

If I ever get around to producing music again, I'll probably setup a music site as well. Between singing covers or writing my own music, I'm more likely to post them on my own site instead of trying to sell any of it. With covers, I'll have to deal with licensing. With my own music, I'm not sure if anything I can come up would be worth selling. So it is mostly just for friends and family to enjoy if they want to...hehehe

## Vitamin G-ish

It was another day without any specific inspiration for Vitamin G. But I did make a post. It was a beautiful sunrise and I felt cute enough to post a coffee selfie...HAHA That's enough to inspire a little note. And it seemed to be well received.

*Please get outside if you are able. Your body, mind, and soul needs you to take care of yourself 🤗 Don’t be overwhelmed. Just do the next right step. After that, do the next right step… [and repeat]*

This is the philosphy every overthinker needs to adopt! I've been trying to employ this philosphy more and more. It seems to be working really well right now.

## Work/Change

I attended a meeting today where we they presented some info on how to deal with change and transition. The company is doing its best to help us all through what is currently going on. I do appreciate that. It just feels like corporate dribble some times...hehehe Today's felt genuine, though. It wasn't material being presented by a third party. It was internal employees who know and understand our actual culture. So I'm glad I tuned in.

I wish I had better notes from the meeting. All of the info was presented pretty quickly. It was a lot to take in and only an hour to consume it. One of the concepts that I can relate to is that changes like what we are going through now can be like a puzzle without the box top. There is a picture we can slowly figure out. But without knowing what the end result will be, we need to sort of feel our way through it. That makes sense to me!

They also went over the different between change and tranistion in the context of what is going on. Change is external. It is what is happening to us. Whereas transition is internal. It is how we are personally processing the change. Change is happening no matter what. I get to ride this transition going on in my mind and I'll make the most of it.

I'm starting to accept this change and I'm really looking forward to what is to come. It's like I have gone through the stages of grief already. That is a bit strange to consider going through them so quickly. But it just a job. I'm fine being at the acceptance stage already...LOL

