# TBD

## 54 Days!!!

I'll start off by saying that I fully expected that I'd not keep in the habit of reading the Bible every day. I've technically been in the Word for the last 146 days. However, my Bible in a Year plan is currently sitting at 54 days.

So far, I've been through all of Genesis, Job, Exodus, and Leviticus. I'm currently in Numbers. Genesis and Job are always easy to consume. Most of Exodus is also easy to consume. But the latter half through Leviticus is so hard to comprehend. There are a lot of rules and laws there...hehehe

Numbers is starting off pretty dry for me too. Then again, there is so much meaning underneath the words of Exodus, Leviticus, and Numbers. The next time I go through these books, I want to do an in depth study so I can better understand the meaning.

Again, the goal this year is to actually get through the whole Bible in a year. Not for any sort of "race". But for building a habit. It is all a part of my *small sustainable changes* initiative. This new habit that is built from a small sustainable change will eventually evolve into a wonderful lifestyle.

## Books

I was never a book reader. Prior to this year, I think the number of books I've actually read can be counted on my fingers without repeating any of my fingers...so 10 or less...hehehe Some of my favorites were *Charlotte’s Web*, *Animal Farm*, and *The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe*. Basically, children's books...hehehe

I don't really set any New Year's resolutions. And as such, did not make a resolution to read anything this year. Today is February 23rd. I'm happy to say that I finished my second book of the year today! That's right, I've read 2 books in their entirety this year! Woohoo!!!

The first book I finished was *Unseal Your Worth*. The second, and the one I finished today, was *The Wild Heart of Florida*. I've already started *Your One Life* and my next book is *The Wilder Heart of Florida*. And with the fact I didn't plan to read at all this year, that's pretty cool!

By *didn't plan* to read, I really mean that I didn't have any notion of specifically reading. That doesn't mean I would have read something anyway. But with the fact that I have finished 2 entire books already this year, it has now become a goal of mine for the year. Not a specific number of books, but more of a goal of reading as much as I can.

This has become another *new* thing for me to engage in this year. Yesterday, I mentioned Major League Baseball. Today, I'm happy to talk about actively reading books.

So far, all of the books I've mentioned are non-fiction. I tend to gravitate to non-fiction. Even the Bible is technically non-fiction; although it is a religious text. Yet, some of my favorite books from childhood were fiction.

Now that I've set the goal of actively reading books this year, I think I'd like to seek out a book of fiction to read this year. I probably won't give too much thought to this. That way I don't put too much pressure on myself for this. After all, it wasn't even a goal until this week...hehehe

This all brings back to memory one of the oddest parts of my childhood. I won't go too deep into it now, but I was a horrible student. I could pass a test in class perfectly. I just didn't enjoy the repetitive nature of homework. When I wasn't doing well with my homework, my father would punish me by having me read books.

Since it was a punishment, I really hated it. And in hating books, I found myself unable to engage in what I was reading. As such, I would often fall asleep. This only made matters worse with my father. I recall many times when he would check up on my and I was fast asleep. From my point of view, he was yelling at me...hehehe But I was a stubborn son. I fought back with him.

Eventually, if I recall correctly, my mom convinced him that this particular punishment wasn't going to work. However, the damage was done. For years, reading reminded me of this tug-of-war I had with my father. So reading was a hobby I could never get into.

Now that I'm growing and overcoming my past struggles, it seems only natural that something like reading would suddenly become so easy for me. I started to read last year. But it was a chore then. This year, it is energizing me!

## Worry

Lately, it seems as though more than 90% of my worry is completely in my head...LOL Very little of what I worry about is actual reality. Perhaps that is what Jesus was talking about when He says not to worry about tomorrow.

Some days I walk up with anxiety about what it is I must do that day.