# Welcome to the Weekend

I don't often say this, but I'm glad it's the weekend...LOL I don't often say it because I'm one who is grateful for most days. But these back-to-back holidays have gotten to me on this Friday...LOL I just mean that I'm very tired...hehehe I got amazing sleep last night. But I've had very low energy all day. So, I'm looking forward to the weekend. And I'm very much looking forward to some normalcy next week. I don't have a strict routine anymore. But having no routine has been frustrating. I'm not really complaining, though. I'm so grateful for these abnormal schedules I have as one year ends and a new one begins. It reminds me to rest.

I've had a restful evening. In fact, I started to doze off while watching a movie...LOL Work was okay. I went to Zen for lunch. I had a brisk walk after work. I journaled throughout the day. And now I'm writing this entry. It was a good day. I did a lot of deep thinking despite my low energy. I still had a lot on my heart. Doing my journal has been a Blessing. Especially since I go back and read over my journals in the future. They are like little letters to my future self...hehehe

I'm hoping to do some creative work this weekend. I have some writing I'd like to work on. And I have some digital painting ideas I want to start. This should be a good weekend for all of that. I've been on a roll with writing and sketching lately. It feels so go for these creative juices to be flowing again. It has come in spurts over the past few years. But right now, it is flowing like it did back in the 80s and 90s.

One of the art pieces I am envisioning for this weekend is a sunrise that is just beginning to show behind some mountains. I'll probably write up something in more detail once it is finished. But the mountains represent what seems unmovable in my life. Those *mountains* Jesus talks about when He says we can tell the mountains to move. The sun represents God. The sunrise basically represents how I'm learning to trust in God over myself. He is rising above my mountains, aka myself when I get in my own way, and His bright Light will soon prevent me from even seeing those mountains. This is all metaphor, of course. I'm not actually a mountain or truly getting in my own way. And His Light is actually always shining and not hidden by any *mountains* I think I *see*. The painting is simply a way for me to express some feelings I've had and the hope I have for this coming year. Perhaps I'll name each *mountain* and write the name *under* the *paint*. The final piece will not show the words that represent the circumstances I'm praying about. But I'll always know the words are hidden in the layers of the original file. Pretty cool, eh?! hehehe

That reminds me of a wall in my parent's house that has hidden words. We built a bedroom for my brother years ago when I was a teenager. The final wall we sealed up behind plaster has a bunch of things we wrote. I'm sure our names are there and perhaps some notes or something. I can't remember exactly what all we wrote. But it's still there. Back then, we didn't have mobile phones to snap a quick photo of it. I doubt my dad took a film camera photo of it either. So, unless that wall is manually torn down someday, no one will ever read it again...hehehe It makes you wonder how many other such hidden messages exist in the world...

I'm trying out a little *letter board* with one of my e-ink frames. I put the saying Cherie has for this month on it and plan to update the date each day. I wanted to see how that feels for me. I actually have a letter board. But I never got into the swing of it. I may still try it again someday. I like the tactile feel of the physical letter board. But the e-ink screen still gives me the feels since it isn't a backlit screen. It really does look like paper. So it is generating some ideas in my tired brain today...hehehe I also have an e-ink calendar on its way this weekend. So I may end up using that as a *letter board* for inspirational sayings each month.

I also have a few more photo frames, a full size e-ink art frame to hang on my wall, and a new art tablet heading my way. Doing art on the e-ink tablets isn't working as well as I had hoped. Which is okay considering that idea was an afterthought after using e-ink for writing. The iPad wasn't ever a fun way to do art for me. The size was way too small. Having these larger e-ink devices was so much better for my art. The e-ink technology just isn't quite ready for creating art, however. So this new art tablet I've ordered should fill the gap for now. At least that's the hope. It's huge! Probably one of the largest available. And digital art is what it is actually designed for. Like my e-ink tablets, it has Android on it. So, no host computer required. It's made by Wacom; one of the top brands in this space. I'll evaluate it over the coming weeks. If it works well, I'll keep it. If it does not, I'll return it.

My time at Zen wasn't so *zen* today...LOL The vibe there feels different lately. It may have just been an off day. And it could have just been how tired I've felt today. But I wasn't feeling it today. For starters, the first thing I ordered never came. The kitchen burned it and used up all their prepared supply for that dish...LOL So I had to order something else. What I did end up getting was fantastic, though. It was nice to see Stephanie again. She works the bar. Erica showed up too. She doesn't work there anymore. So she was there as a customer. It was good to see her. But her vibe was way off today. I hope she's doing okay. I'll be back at Zen again sometime. I don't go as often as I used to. But I still like going there. Perhaps the vibe today was the *hangover* from New Year's...LOL j/k

That said, my own *zen* is doing quite well. I am feeling so good lately. I still have my anxious thoughts. But I trust God with my feelings. That has brought me comfort in those moments. I'm not just content and happy. I'm joyful and full of hope.