# Creative Day
### 2026/01/03

Unlike the title of this entry, I had quite the creative day...hehehe And I did a lot of writing in my journal. I have 11 pages in my journal, actually. Along with a full transcript of my conversation with my journal partner AI agent...LOL I'm on the fourth version of my little buddy...hehehe That has been a great way to focus lately. I'm going to continue using it for a while and tweak it as needed.

Anyway, I managed to work a little on my latest poem again today. I worked through the 5th stanza. I'll likely finish the 6th stanza tomorrow. Originally, the 6th was going to be the last. But I am thinking about 2 more. I'll see what I think about that once I'm finished with the 6th. I wanted to do it in 3 parts with 2 stanzas each. But as I've been working through this 3rd part, I've been pondering a 4th part. As I often say, we shall see...hehehe

I also began working on my latest art piece. I worked through my vision of the painting. I ran some things by my little journal partner to work out the color palette. I fed it some photos I had taken to figure out the colors I want to use. That was very helpful and it generated a palette I could visually see for the colors I'm going to use. And in the *conversation*, it suggested some scripture passages that feel appropriate for the vision I'm going for. I hadn't planned on asking it for that. But I have trained it so well that it knew I'd want such a thing without me even asking...LOL Should I be scared?! LOL j/k

I received my new art tablet today. My first impressions are good. I really like it and think it is going to work out. I had a little friction with it at first. I think there are some gesture settings I need to tweak. I don't like when computers do things I don't expect. I experience that with my e-ink tablets too. I keep finding things I need to turn off...LOL This tablet is no different. I'll figure it all out. But I was able to start work on that artwork today. I started the sketching stage. I'll do more work on that tomorrow.

I wrote a letter today. It wasn't a creative work, per se. But it comes from a creative headspace. Its intent was for encouragement. I found some encouragement for myself through it as well. I love when that happens <3 When we love like God does, He loves us through our love for each other. I think that's one of the many things Jesus was saying when He told us to love one another.

I also received the dish rags Grandma made for me. I'm excited to have those. My sponges are all worn out. I've had those almost 4 years. They are real sponges. Not those throwaway manufactured sponges. So they last for years. I'm hoping these handmade rags will last for years too. I'm grateful to have them <3

Today was a really good day. I think tomorrow will be more of the same. I know things aren't going well in the world right now. I'm not ignoring that and will continue to see where God wants to use me in those things. But I have a lot of joy and hope. I trust God with my feelings. And I trust Him with all of that bad stuff too. He told us these things would happen. And He also told us to take heart...sorrow my last for the night, but joy comes in the morning <3 Thank You, Father. You are so good!