# It is Enough
### 2026/01/05

For the past few years, I have started the year off with 21 days of prayer and fasting. It was a way to start the year off right and refocus myself on what God is doing with my life. It has made a huge impact on my life since I started doing that in 2023. A lot of the growth people see in me began when I started doing that annual season. But this year is different. I'm not doing it. There really isn't any reason other than I don't feel called to it this year. I thought and prayed about it as last year was coming to an end. And here I am starting this year without it. Something else that didn't happen this year is that I didn't spend any time at the pool area on the first Sunday...LOL I did that 3 January's in a row. But not this year. I never planned on doing that any of the other times I did it. I suppose 2026 is going to start off differently...hehehe

As I continue to re-read my past entries, I've realized how differently I blog now. My "style" seems to have evolved quite a bit. Change is inevitable when growth happens. I'm happy with how things are and that includes how I write and what I say. I think this is a good thing. And although I have enjoyed reading things from the past, I'm considering taking a break from that. Or stopping altogether. I've been reading everything from the past on the anniversary of when I wrote it. Over time, that would grow into a full time thing...LOL So, perhaps I should make it a random thing for when I feel like taking a trip to the past. I'll never stop looking back completely. I just don't have to be so methodical about it, you know. The past and the future are a great thing to look at. But *now* is always the best time.

Being back on my routine today has helped me find balance again. The holidays were great. But the routine was wobbly...hehehe Basically, no routine...LOL God used my routine today to recenter and sustain me as I transitioned back into a regular work schedule. In a way, it was a handrail that I could grab onto as I got my footing back. My day started out a bit rough. And there were some *dizzying* moments throughout the day. But the routine, among other providential things, kept me from falling. I remember when I would become unbalanced and "spin out of control" in away. That doesn't happen anymore. I'm grateful for that. And extra grateful to be back to a routine today <3

I started reading books again back in 2024. So it hasn't been that long. But I got to thinking about how I've been reading almost ever single day since May 7th last year. That was when I bought my first Kindle. Having books on an e-reader has completely changed how I consume them. I read both fiction and non fiction. My main book at the moment is *Bambi*. This is my first time reading it and I'm amazed at how good it is. I've lost track of how many books I've read since May last year. I'm sure there is a "Kindle" way of finding out...LOL But I don't really care about the metric. I just love reading...hehehe And speaking of books, my childhood favorite went into the public domain this year! *The Little Engine That Could* was the book I read so much that it eventual fell apart. I'll probably read it again soon just for nostalgia...hehehe *I think I can...I think I can...*

Another childhood memory bubbled up today. The *whipped cream on top* from *The Pour Over* was a video of llamas. When we were kids, Mom and Dad would have us kids sleep in the same bed while we were on vacation in the hotels. One night, my brother was having a nightmare about killer llamas. While he was still asleep, he was just about to attack me thinking I was a llama and he was about to push me off the bed. Mom woke up just in time as she heard him and stopped him from attacking me...LOL That was the last time I ever slept with my siblings. From that moment on, I slept on the hotel floor...LOL I sent the video to my brother this morning. He later replied that the video made his day...hehehe

One of my prayers today was *Father, thank You for this moment. It is enough.* It was one of those prayers that guided me well today. Everything God does is enough. Realizing that these past few years has changed my life.