# Blessings Continue
### 2026/01/06

I slept really poorly last night. I was dealing with some pains all night long. I wonder if a weather front came through last night? I don't know for sure what that was about. But I think it impacted my dreams. I had nothing but nightmares last night. And in one of them, there was this demon. She was made of blood and there was blood all around. She had influence over Malachi and she was telling me how he wanted to kill me. And then he shows up with a dagger or short sword and slowly pushed it into my lower back as he was whispering to me and smiling. It was somewhere near my right kidney. As the sharp weapon was slowly entering my body, I could feel his and the demon's hatred all around my soul. And the blood was everywhere. That crimson color was quite vibrant. The whole dream was very vivid. And then I woke up and went to the bathroom...LOL

Back here in reality, I did get to talk to Malachi a few times today. He had some good news to share that he was starting his new job tomorrow. I am so excited for him. I'm most proud of him because this is a job he wanted that will work towards what he is hoping to be his career. So it isn't just a job for the sake of working. That is amazing at his age! And he pursued this one with consistency and persistence. *He* got this job. *He* nailed the interview. *He* rocks!..hehehe He'll be doing his onboarding tomorrow and go to his first location. He'll be working with schools in his area. I believe he'll actually be working for the YMCA. But he's being dispatched to the schools from there. It sounds perfect for him. And since he is an extrovert, it will be good for him to be around people most days of the week. I have a good feeling about this and believe he will thrive.

I was reminded today in reading my entry from a year ago that my Blessings prayers began on this day last year. It was part of my 21 day season of prayer and fasting. I learned a lot about prayer in that season last year. The Blessings came up in my daily devotional and journal time today as well. The passage from Numbers 6:24-26 is a prayer I often pray over a lot of people. God is so good <3 The [whole entry from that day](../../2025/01/06_blessings) is worth a reread anytime I read today's entry. As you read this right now, I pray the Lord Bless you and keep you. May He pour out His favor and protection on you <3 (*My* version of the Numbers Blessing...hehehe)

Today was a pretty good day, for the most part. It had its moments that weren't all that good. And that's okay. On this side of paradise, there will always be *not so good* moments...hehehe The Blessings continue...*and that's all I got to say about that...*