# Super Mom
### 2026/01/07

Mom began her radiation treatment today. When I asked her what super powers she was getting from it, she said, "I don't know." Well, she is already a Super Mom and Super Grandma. So today, she became...Supervisor...LOL She directed Dad as he took down the Christmas decorations they put up outside...LOL She's doing really well. Just very tired. Her poor body is being *attacked* by these treatments in the hope that they eradicate the possibility of the cancer returning. Her body is healing from all of this. That is taking a toll on her energy. Thankfully her spirits are high. A good attitude can help the body heal. She sure is Super...hehehe

In typical *January Greg* fashion, I have been giving thought to how my life has changed after making adjustments each January. In 2023, it was that decision to do something about my physical health. My mental and spiritual health tagged along...hehehe In 2024, I finally kicked my addiction to sugar out the door. That *demon* hasn't been back since. I have my moments when I hit up a sugary snack. But that addiction is completely gone now. Last year, I set out to learn more about prayer. I now seem to be in constant communication with God. Those 3 Januarys have shaped most of my growth in these 3 years. Although I'm not doing a focused 21 day season of prayer and fasting this January, I have started making some changes that I feel will make a similar impact on my growth in the coming year. It's all about un-becoming what isn't me and becoming what God created. And to do that, I had to decide I wanted to pursue what God created in me. That decision will take action. The quest starts now. This was something already on my heart as I was ending 2025. Thank you, Cherie, for helping me find the words to describe it here in 2026 <3

I had forgotten how much I desired to find a physical church to be in a year ago. Here I am a year later and I am not only not in physical church yet, but my desire for it is pretty much gone. And my desire for *virtual* church and community has increased. This is something I am praying about, obviously. I'm seeking His Will and not my own. And I'm asking Him to give me the desires He would want my heart to have. I suppose this is tied to my thoughts on becoming what God created instead of becoming what isn't me. I've realized my old desire for local church community is directly tied to who I thought I was supposed to be. That's not to say I'll never step foot in physical church again. I still go when the opportunity aligns with my spirit. It's just that I feel something different in my heart than what I thought I was *supposed* to. I'm going to see what God might be trying to *tell* me with this and I'll pursue *Him*.

I was reminded today about how I thank everyone who is part of my journey. Okay, not literally everyone. But I'd say most. Including the waitstaff who bring me my food at a restaurant or the bus driver who takes me where I need to go. Yes, that's *their job*. But that's not the attitude I have. I have the *"expect nothing and appreciate everything and everyone"* attitude. That may not always work for other people. But it works for me. It's who *I* am. I believe everyone and everything is a gift. If I feel I've earned something or I expect anything, I've completely missed the point of *my* life. I thank God for everyone and everything in my life. I pray I'll be a good steward of all of the resources and relationships He Blesses me with. I may not love everything *about* my journey, but I do love my journey. Thank *you* for being part of my journey today. (James 1:17)