# Dew, Android, Lyft, and Tacos
### 2026/01/08

By now, you've noticed that most of my entries lately have had a date at the top. Since I started rereading my entries last year, I realized how hard it was to find the original date I published them. I typically read these on a mobile device. So the URL isn't quickly accessible. I have the date *encoded* in there; which is only easy to notice on a desktop browser. Even with the auto date at the bottom of each entry, that one only shows the latest modification date. That isn't the publish date. The software I use for this does that. So, I started adding the date at the top for easy reference...hehehe

I hadn't posted an original social media post since the first day of the year. I have only replied to other's. I finally posted one today. I took an exercise walk this morning and noticed the dew was still on the ground and plants. It was so beautiful. Truly a sight to behold. I had to share that. Other than that, I haven't felt inspired to post anything lately. Perhaps I'll soon post some of my art once any of it gets finished. I'll probably go to the Festival of the Arts next weekend when it opens up. So I hope to post some things from that too. It just feels weird to not be doing my daily photo this year...hehehe And I haven't had much else to say...at least nothing that was coming together when I started to type something out...LOL

One such potential post was one where I am contemplating going back to an Android phone. I switched to iPhone back in 2020 because I had recently switched from Windows to Mac. Up to that point, I didn't have much experience with the Apple ecosystem. I had had a few iPhones over the years. But that was mostly for work and for testing out apps. I was primarily Android and used Windows and Linux for my desktops. Now that I have more Android devices than I do Apple, I'm considering the switch back to an Android phone. It isn't a priority, of course. Just something I'm pondering. I thought about posting about it. But as I was typing, it just seemed long winded. I wanted to explain basically what I'm saying here. But that's too much for a scrolling social media feed. My hesitation comes from things like iMessage, FaceTime, location sharing, and whether I want to keep with these fancy phones or go with an e-ink phone. I've becoming semi-dependant on certain ways of how Apple works and the rich media I get from people sending photos and videos to me. So, for now, I'm sticking with my current iPhone.

Another post I'm contemplating is about how I've been able to use Lyft for Malachi. I can schedule rides for him even though he is over 800 miles away. Over the last few months, he's been able to get to appointments, and now work, all through an amazing technology. It feels good to be able to be there for him in this way. I appreciate what Lyft has done for my son. I personally hadn't used it since my California trip in November 2024 when I was carless for the week. I had almost forgotten how convenient that service is...hehehe He's working on getting another transportation option worked out. But whenever he needs, I have the Lyft app ready to go!

I had authentic Mexican tacos tonight for dinner. There was a food truck at the complex tonight. They were fantastic. I went with tacos carne asada. The salsa and salsa verde were good. The tortillas were a little lacking. But hey, what in this world is perfect?!? LOL I also asked for a side of rice. I had forgotten they would be here tonight. I was out for an evening stroll and decided I'd go check my mailbox. That's when I heard the food truck...hehehe I was like, "ooh! yeah!" and went over to check them out. I could tell just by looking into the *kitchen* that I was going to be getting the real deal. I could see that they were making them right there and how they were doing it. These weren't *Mexican Restaurant* tacos they were making...LOL I was then like, "Yes, please!" hehehe