# Is This Thing On?
### 2026/01/26

I have not forgotten I have a blog...hehehe I just haven't been blog-a-logging into this space as of late...LOL I continue to tap into my writing vibe via my journal. I just haven't quite found a flow that brings me to this blog much yet. One of the reasons I started this blog was to journal and get thoughts out of my head. Well, now that I'm doing that daily in a more personal space, I sort of forget about getting in here at the end of the day. I'll get this rhythm back, I think. Too much has happened in the last week to go into today. So I'll keep this light and hope that I truly do get back into a blogging rhythm again soon.

Cherie and I made our January recipe. The Teriyaki Chicken Ramen was really good. We both made it on Saturday and enjoyed the experience. I made it again tonight and made a few tweaks based on my experience Saturday. Today's turned out even better. It is definitely on my list to make again and again.

Our Bible study is also going really well. I absolutely love how this one draws me into the scripture passages of the reading plan. Since it just presents the daily readings, I've taken it upon myself to dive deeper into each. I really like the *free* format of this study. It's a weekly theme and gives me the inspiration and freedom to go by where the Spirit leads.

I finished "Bambi" the other day. I loved the book. I'll be reading it again someday. Cherie mentioned there is another book. I'll eventually read that one too. For now, I've switched gears to "The Time Machine." I have seen the movies and love them. But I've never read the book itself. I started it last night and I'm already sure I'm going to enjoy it as much as I have "War of the Worlds" and "The Invisible Man"; which are both also written by H.G. Wells. And I continue to read Grimm's little by little when I feel like reading something unexpected...and sometimes really weird...LOL

Winter has arrived in Florida for the 3rd time this season. My body is not liking this one bit. As a matter of fact, when it hit last week and started to turn back into Summer immediately, it triggered a migraine that lasted for days. It peaked on Wednesday and I had to take the day off to rest. I couldn't look at a computer screen all day. Going from freezing temps to near Summer temps, along with the pressure changes that accompany that, have really done a number on me this season. I haven't had this happen since I moved here. I hope this doesn't become a trend. And we are experiencing it yet again this week. I was running my AC this morning, and my heat tonight. I'm already feeling the pressure change. But I have a better feeling about how my body is handling this one. I did some prep and temporary changes in diet and routine to help with the weather transition. I wasn't prepared last time...LOL

I really need to get the art section added to my website. I'm pumping out artwork like crazy now. I'd like to get it *showcased* here. I don't want to share it for my sake. It's more for the sake of the works themselves. Perhaps they might trigger something in someone. That's what art is like for me when I see someone else's work. And my own work is an expression of something inside me. Art has been a part of me my entire life. The years of creative drought are a bit of a shame. But they are also very much over...LOL It makes my heart happy that this part of me is finally free again <3 I'm thinking about it again today because I did the sketch for "Prayer" as part of this week's Bible study lesson. It's the fifth in the collection. I'm really excited about this piece because I'll be exploring some techniques I started playing around with a few years ago. So far, I've been doing a little something different with each piece in this collection. And those little *somethings* will carry on into other works someday <3

I'm going to try reconnecting with social media again. I sort of started that today by posting a dad joke and the recipe Cherie and I did together. I had already started to reply to other people's posts. And I would occasionally post. I'm very random because I am genuinely just sharing my life on my socials. I'm not a *content creator*. I'm just sharing my journey with anyone who wants to join me. I am grateful for everyone who comes along on this journey. It has been difficult to connect with socials for a few years. And it keeps getting worse due to all of the *bad* out there now. But Cherie reminded me that what the *feeds* need is *someone* like me. So just like this blog, perhaps it's time for me to step back up to the (social media) mic, tap on it a few times, and ask, "Is this thing on?" HAHAHA