# Throwback Thursday
### 2026/01/29

I miss my blog... LOL I miss what it was for me. I miss handwriting every word and then tweaking things and adding more after it is transcribed. Starting a daily journal has replaced some of what the blog had done for me. It added so much to my life so far. But it feels like it took something away at the same time. I’m okay with that, of course. I’m just missing something that I’d love to get back. So, today, I’m handwriting this blog entry as I also do my daily journal process. This feels like the right balance for today ♡

I’m not sure I’ve ever done a Throwback Thursday post before. But I was inspired to do one today when I saw someone else’s throwback post... hehehe I wanted to go back to 2022 from just before I moved here. I chose the last Thursday of January. Not that there’s a rule that the photo must be from a “Thursday”... LOL That’s just what I felt. But nothing interesting happened that day in 2022. So I had a look at the last Thursday of January 2023. I was immediately flooded with memories of the physical, mental, and spiritual journey I’ve been on these past 3 years. “Lightbulb!” I found my Throwback Thursday post and I hope it encourages someone today ♡

If I had just one message for January 2023 Greg, it would be this: Don’t run away from the darkness. Instead, run toward the light. Although trying to overcome something can be a motivator, I found that working toward hope made a greater impact. At the time, I just wanted to feel better. Overcoming physical, mental, and spiritual struggles was my goal. And although that seems a good place to start, I later turned my focus to knowing I was heading to a place of hope and renewal. That shift in perspective helped me stop looking behind me and start looking ahead. I’m now living in the place I saw ahead of me back then ♡

At least for the time being, I’m regaining my love for posting on social media. I owe it to Cherie for fanning the little ember in my heart. There was a spark after our call Sunday that seems to be burning once more. I’ve always been genuine in my posts. So when I burned out a few years ago, I somewhat lost my love for it. And I eventually stopped engaging the way I used to. Not just my posts, but also that of other people. This week has felt like it used to be. And it feels good. I’m finding new ways to move forward in my life. But I’m also glad to reconnect to some of these old things too. I hope this flame burns well. I don’t want to burn out again... So I’ll find balance this time ♡

I’ve been a bit anxious today. Doing my journal, the “Rex’s” dance party, engaging on social media, and handwriting this blog entry have helped quite a bit. But the number one help was God. Yes, He provides all of these other things. But I’m specifically thinking about prayer. I’m so glad that’s the topic of this week’s Bible study. And I’ve integrated prayer into my journal methods. Today, I wrote an arrow prayer:

> Father, thank You for being with me today and always ♡

It’s simple, but gets straight to the heart of how I am feeling today. My energy level is too low to go into an exhaustive lament type prayer. And God knows my heart. He doesn’t need my words. He wants my heart. That arrow prayer led me to look at my little wooden cross. I look at it often as a reminder of God’s presence. Today was a good day to have it. My heart was heavy. That’s likely the source of the anxiety. And that kept me in prayer today. There isn’t anything wrong with me today. The heavy heart is a gift. I get to channel some of that into my Bible study notes and through my art. I love this heart God gave me. It’s uniquely His and mine. I’m glad I get to share it with others through art and words ♡

I’m almost finished with this week’s art piece, “Prayer.” I have a proof up on my art frame so I can look at it for a day or so to make sure it is finished. I’m really happy with it at the moment. I’ve enjoyed the entire process of going from idea, to sketch, to outline, to painting and trying things, to seeing the proof on my wall. Art is a wonderful gift I cherish. This piece gives me peace as I look at it. I’m grateful to God for this amazing gift. He is so good ♡