# TBD

Testing is going well at work. There were a few issues that I've had to work through this week. But I've been able to quickly resolve those issues with the Grace of God. I've been calling upon Proverbs 3:5-6 through work this week. That prayer has brought me comfort and clarity.

> <!--@include: @/bible/translations/bsb/20_pro/verses/003.md{5,6}-->

I posed a question today to someone from the change management team. I pondered if all of our applications that are moving from the old company to the new needed to go through the full change approval board process before the *Big Bang* next month. Or were they somewhat *grandfathered* in as approved since they are part of this big effort. Since we aren't actually changing the applications, I hoped they didn't need to go through the whole thing. That question is still up in the air. But the good news is that anything they want us to do before the *Big Bang* is going to be more of a formality for documentation sake. Meaning, it all is technically approved already. They just don't know yet how they want to document that...LOL But after this effort is complete next month, new changes will definitely go through the normal process once it is all established. And rightfully so ;)

On Tuesday, I received a pair of comments about my appearance when I posted that I was thinking about tacos. With the post, I included one of my *so I was thinking* poses...LOL On Twitter, the comment was of concern. They asked if I was doing well as I am looking rather thin. They were concerned that I might have been sick considering how different I look now. On Facebook, the comment was more of a congratulations for having lost so much weight. Both comments were well intended. I have no reason to think otherwise based on who said them. I'm still working through how I feel about the comments, though...LOL

I love live music. Especially at small local spots. I could sit for hours listening. And in fact, I have done that often. It has been a little while since I last did that, though. I miss it and hope to catch something soon. I came across a few performers at the St Pete Pier Saturday. Since my sister was with me, I didn't stop and listen.

What got me think about it today was the memory of a small jazz club I stopped in back in 2021 in St Louis. I was visiting for my birthday that year. I was mostly there to check out the botanical gardens they have. But the night before, I walked from the hotel down to a little jazz club. I also passed by where the Cardinals play. That looks like an amazing stadium...hehehe

The jazz club was one of those places that feels more like a hallway more so than a performance venue...LOL But I was able to get a really good seat. I was there early enough...LOL I do that when I go to places like this...hehehe The music was fantastic. I think I may have gotten food and drinks there too. I don't recall. But I do recall the live jazz music. What I love about live jazz is that it is like sitting in on a jam session. They just play and sing. It's nothing you've heard before or will ever hear again. There is some soul to it. Jazz isn't my favorite genre. But it ranks pretty high.

Now that I think of it, I'm not sure I have a favorite. I just love music in general. I do lean towards oldies...1920s through 1970s. But *oldies* can cross a few genres...hehehe I also love show tunes...like from musicals. I get into classic rock. Most Christian music inspires me. And at one time, that ear bleeding hard rock where the *singers* scream was what I would code to for work...LOL By the way, I never listen to that hard stuff anymore...LOL It doesn't get me *in the zone* like it used to...LOL

I enjoy thinking about memories. At one time, I wanted to write a memoir to tell *my story* in the context of my trauma and overcoming. I don't really feel like doing that anymore. But I think I would like to write the other parts of my story. You know, the good memories. Especially my childhood. I also have some not-so-good memories that are still good stories...hehehe Like the times I was robbed...LOL You read that right...plural...LOL

I met a pastor once who became an author. He wrote his stories about being a country pastor. I sold his books in a Christian bookstore I once worked at. (Another fun story, by the way...LOL) I loved his style of writing. I even listened to his audio book versions (on cassette in my van) because I loved the way he told them. He's actually the inspiration behind the style of one of my current projects. Once it's finished, I'll likely record audio versions because I feel like the fictional stories I'm writing come alive as I read them aloud. But that pastor, turned author, wrote non-fiction. They were actual stories about his life...hehehe

Remember *Veggie Tales*? I love those! I sold them in that bookstore I mentioned above...LOL I don't think they make new ones anymore. But I saw a post this week that was April Fools. Larry finally found his hairbrush and the pirates who don't do anything finally did something...LOL I think my favorite was *Larry Boy*...LOL I saw a girl wearing a Larry Boy shirt when I was at Disney last month with my nephews. I told her I loved her shirt...hehehe I don't think she was my age. But she was definitely an adult. I don't think kids these days have ever heard of the greatest crime fighter...LARRY BOY!!! HAHAHA

I once led an entire congregation in *If You're Happy and You Know It* and other sing-a-long songs. I did the morning announcements (as part of my worship leading responsibilities) and I couldn't help but wake folks up with interactive silliness...LOL I also did singing marketing in a business group I was once a part of...LOL It was so impactful that other business folks who couldn't attend some other meetings personally asked me to represent them in those meetings and insisted I do my made-up songs about their services and products...LOL

I really need to tell these stories, don't I!? HAHAHA If I strip away the trauma, I've had such a wonderful life and I want to share that part of me <3

Yesterday's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/02.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/02) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/03.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/03) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

📖 [Yesterday's Bible in a Year session](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/02) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.

📖 [Today's Bible in a Year session](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/03) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.