# TBD

## My Day

### 07:15am

Today is starting off earlier than most days lately. I woke up around 6:20am. It took a while before I actually got out of bed because I felt like I might fall back to sleep. I did not...hehehe It has been a rough morning so far. But that's okay. I've been having some really great mornings lately. It was bound to happen sometime...LOL I went to bed about the same time as I normally have been lately. Something that has happened often is that my white noise app would end around 6:30am. I typically lay down around midnight now and the app is currently set for 6 and half hours. After it turns off, I've been sleeping anywhere between 45 minutes and a hour longer. Most days, I don't even notice that the app has stopped. Today, I woke up to go to the bathroom a little before the app was going to end. I started it a little before midnight last night. So, at around 6:21am, it stopped and I was wide awake. I'd like to end my dependence on the white noise. I've been using something like this since 2017 or 2018. Before that time, I would use ear plugs for a few months. The white noise helped the most at the time. But now it seems I need it all the time. And I don't like that...LOL I'm just such a light sleeper mostly. Anyway, one good thing is that I am seeing the sunrise today. I haven't been opening my window blinds until after the sun has already risen. I didn't go outside to watch it. But my window blinds are open and I can see the sky changing as the sun is rising today. Perhaps this will reset my day and get it going on a smoother path ☀️

Time for coffee and toast! About an hour earlier than normal...LOL

### 08:15am

I love toast and coffee...hehehe My morning is going *much* better now...LOL Not because of the coffee and toast, though. While having breakfast, I did my daily scripture reading and The Bible Recap for my Bible in a Year plan. I love weekends for this very reason. I'm able to do this before I do anything else for the day. That's a difficult thing during the week because of work. I definitely prefer my intimate God times to be in the mornings. That's really only possible on the weekends at the moment. I've been trying to adjust my sleep schedule to get back to my daily morning God time. That hasn't been going well. When I switched my sleep schedule last June to prepare for my first California trip, my body was like, *hey, I love this schedule! That's do this fffooorrreeevvveeerrr!!!* HAHAHA This seems to be a *the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak* scenario for me. What I would like to do (spirit) isn't working because my body and mind (flesh) prefer something else. Perhaps applying Proverbs 3:5-6 to this will make a difference. It can allow my spirit to get what it needs. Either to overcome the flesh with a successful change of sleep schedule, or Peace knowing that my routine is what God is wanting for me in this season.

How my mood has shifted so quickly brings up a good point. Whenever I'm focusing on God, my spirit seems to change. The circumstances typically do not change. But how I feel about everything does. Of course, I don't mean *every time I read the Bible or pray* my spirit suddenly has Peace. I truly mean *focusing*, or *setting my heart's eyes on* God. Reading the Word or praying doesn't automatically mean that I'm actually focused. During my morning reading today, I was quite focused. I was looking to know more about God. That heart posture doesn't happen everyday, or every time.

### 09:25am

I had forgotten to read my journal entry from a year ago yesterday. So, I read it this morning...hehehe I'm grateful I started journaling again. It doesn't take long to read the previous year's entry. Over time, it would take longer if I read each year's entry for the day. But it does give me a nice little path for the journey I'm on to see how I've grown. It's an edification process that I'm beginning to value more this year now that I can look back and see how far I've come. It helps with self-awareness and self-improvement. That's not to say it has anything to do with ego or pride. More of a grounding technique. Especially since it's God who is my Guiding Light on the path. My history is more about His Story. That's why I do this. If I continue this for the rest of my life, I'll have a lot to read each day...LOL And when I pass on into the next age, all of this will go away. It's mostly all digital and there won't be anyone around to keep paying for the storage once I'm gone...LOL I have no desire to archive it someplace that will live on after. I suppose some of what I create will live on. But I've decided that isn't a goal of mine anymore. If I make an impact, that's okay. If I don't, that's okay too. I no longer feel like I *want* to be remembered. Besides, if anyone does remember me long after I've passed, it won't likely be accurate. Only God and I truly know me...LOL Everyone else just sees me from their own perspective. I'm merely a projection of how they see life...hehehe At one time, I wrote about how people only see what I show them. That's really only part of it. I could show them every piece of me and they still won't see the true *me* because they'll be looking through the filters they wear over their heart's eyes...

### 10:15am

I've decided I'm not going to do my *Snow White* dapper bound for the upcoming Dapper Day on the 26th. There is a lot of controversy and hate going on concerning the recent live-action adaptation. Personally, I loved it. But I also understand what others are saying now that I've been exposed to some of the information. Opinions and perceptions really do shape how some people respond or react to such things. I get it. I'm no different. But I don't want to draw any attention to that so soon after the film's release and unfortunate reception. I'll eventually do my *Snow White* ideas. I'll just wait for the noise to die down. I'm in the *too soon* season...LOL My love for Snow White is from the original and not the live-action film. If the original didn't exist, Snow White wouldn't be my favorite Disney princess in the first place. So, my dapper bound is based on the original film and story by Walt Disney and *his* team. Not what *today's* team came up with...LOL

I woke up today thinking about my *Joffrey's Coffee* dapper bound ideas...LOL That's right, I have an idea for a theme that relates to my favorite coffee company...LOL I've seen all sorts of bounds for odd things, including Disney transportation systems like the monorail...HAHAHA When it comes to bounding at Disney, there seems to be no limits on the creativity...hehehe I first got the idea when I ordered some shirts from Joffrey's last month. I'm wearing one of them today, actually. They are just t-shirts. And I could do a casual bound using these t-shirts. But I also have ideas for representing a dapper *coffee cup*. This past week, I ordered some pins to go along with my ideas. I like wearing pins that match my mood or dapper theme when I dress up for Disney parks. Plus, if it isn't clear to someone what I'm representing, I can point to the pins...HAHAHA

Anyway, I'm now leaning toward my *Joffrey's Coffee* dapper bound for the Dapper Day on the 26th...HAHAHA

### 01:15pm

I have a new scalp treatment arriving tomorrow. Since I started growing my hair out again, I've been in search of a solution to my dandruff. I've already tried 3 other treatments. So far, nothing is working. Back when I used to grow my hair before shaving it, I used Head & Shoulders. It was the only thing that worked as far as the big names. Now that I've been on my health journey, I've been evaluating ingredients of even things like lotions and now my shampoo. Head & Shoulders didn't make the grade to be a product I wanted to use...LOL Hopefully this forth treatment will be good.

I have a lot of options for things I could do today. All of them good and most could actually all be done in the same day...LOL But some of those doors have been closing. So, I'm still at home. The things I can do at home are getting done...hehehe I wanted to go out for a bit, though. Maybe Zen again. Maybe Disney.

I may go to the grocery. I've been in a sort of reset mode for food. Last week, I didn't replenish some of my supplies and switched to different things. Some of those experiments aren't to my liking. So, I may go back to a few things I missed having this past week...hehehe Yeah, I think I should go to the grocery next...



## Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/04.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/04) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Bible Study

📖 [Today's Bible in a Year session](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/05) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.