# TBD

## My Day

### 07:30am

I went to bed a half hour *early* last night and woke a half hour earlier today. I'm getting to observe the sunrise again. And I love it!

I had 2 very odd dreams last night about AirBnBs...LOL The first, it was a *friend's* place that they rented out. I needed to use the restroom and had to be careful not to mess anything up because a new guest was expected that day. One of the bedrooms had these weird window coverings over a window that didn't face the outside. It faced the entryway of the home...LOL But there were 3 coverings. The combinations of how to cover the window were many...hehehe Margot Robbie was who owned the actual property. But my *friend* was who did the AirBnB stuff with it. So weird. Anyway, I *used the bathroom* there, got a demo of that window stuff, and got out of there. The guests would soon arrive! And then I woke up and actually did get up to go to the bathroom...LOL

The second AirBnB dream was my place. I was renting it out when guests needed it and I stayed there myself when no one rented it. That was a little weird. But I had been sleeping there and needed to *get up* and get the place *ready* for the guests who were arriving later *today*. In this dream, it kind of looked like my current apartment. This was the dream I woke up to today. So, perhaps I was half awake and half sleeping...hehehe

### 07:45am

Ooh! I forgot to mention! I began my new scalp treatment last night. Way too early to say if it going to work or not...LOL But I did want to mention that my hair feels different today, in a good way. So something is happening already...hehehe This is a bar shampoo that has *active* charcoal in it. It's a *clean ingredients* product like my other soap bars. I like that it's a bar instead of a bottled liquid. My skin feels a little happier today. But, again, way too early to say if this treatment is going to work. Here's to hoping! 🤞

### 11:45am

The day is going well for a workday...hehehe It has been a little busy. But not too bad. Testing with end users is doing well. Some issues were brought up on today's call. I'll be looking into some of that this afternoon. One thing I like about these issues is that it is giving me exposure to the source code of the applications I inherited. I'm learning things I need to know in order to support the applications.

My morning walk was nice. It was very windy...hehehe Almost too windy for a walk. But I muddled through. I experimented with some photography. None of those photos are likely to be chosen today. I didn't even sort them into my candidate folder...hehehe But it was fun to try some new things. That's another reason I wanted to do photos this year. I wanted to learn more and evolve my photo art. It's more than just trying to be present in the moments this year...hehehe

I ran into one of my neighbors. He isn't doing well. He mentioned that he is trying to find a new home for his dog. She's been with him since her birth. She has had special needs from the beginning. They named her Miracle...hehehe Because it was a miracle she lived. She's a senior dog now. So, in a way, he saved her life and she has had a long one, for a dog with special needs. I'll be praying for him to find a new home for her as well as for what he has going on in his life that is causing him to let her go :(

### 03:40pm

I've been out for 3 walks today. Each walk became more difficult due to the increasing winds. I wanted to take a final walk after work. But now I'm reconsidering...LOL I just saw someone from maintenance putting away all of the umbrellas from the pool's tables. That only happens when winds and storms are predicted to be really bad.

I woke up this morning in a lot of pain. Especially in my right wrist. I almost took some medication to help. But I decided to tough it out since I have a high tolerance for pain anyway. Shortly after I woke, I found out major storms were predicted for later today. A cold front is moving in. That explained my pain. It was the sort caused by major changes in the weather. Fronts, such as the one coming through, really do number on me. I began feeling it a few days ago and thought something might be coming. Yep, it is...LOL

Now that I see the umbrellas being put away, I have a feeling this one might be a rough storm system. I'll know for sure in a few hours...LOL I've been following it all day on radar. But sometimes these systems break up when they hit my area and make very little impact. As for my body's reaction, it usually starts a few days ahead, like it did, and for a day or so after. I should be right as rain Wednesday or Thursday. The arthritis in my right wrist isn't doing too bad. I should be able to manage without medication this time around...hehehe

### 05:30pm

Well, that was *fun*...HAHAHA I decided to go for my after-work walk after all...LOL The wind was definitely more intense than the other 3 walks. Each walk, the wind increased in intensity...hehehe I thought I'd give it a try. I did my full 1 mile. But it was probably the most energy I've had to use for a walk ever...HAHAHA Even with the wind to my back, I had to use extra energy just to not fall forward...LOL Why did I do this?! Well, mostly to say I tried it...LOL I can handle it now. The *me* who began a health journey just over 2 years ago would not have been able to do what I did today. I did it for *him*. *He* started this journey for *me*...hehehe And I'm glad *he* did :)

Also, I think I got today's photo from this walk. The other walks didn't yield any...LOL

### 09:15pm

No storms...LOL I'm not sure we even got the rain...LOL I got the notifications about rain. But the ground appears to be dry. The wind has also died down. But it looks like the winds will be back as the other side of the front passes through. It looks like I won't be wearing shorts tomorrow...hehehe It has been hot lately and I've been mostly wearing shorts. Although the temps are dropping a little for a day or two, it looks like they'll be back to hot again soon.

But there was a storm of sorts. This week's episode of *The Chosen* from our Bible study has *THE* storm in it...LOL Care to take a stroll on the sea with Jesus? If He commands the water to hold us, it will...hehehe We just gotta keep our focus on Him ;)

I have some more Bible work to add to this site before I'm finished for the day. Today has been scripture enriched, to say the least. Today's Bible in a Year reading, referenced below, is worth a read. Along with the videos. I highly recommend them today if you have time! I was also hit with Romans 14 and Psalm 77. I may include them here today too. For those two, I'd like to get the formatting working correctly for this site. The other Bible chapters I've already added are yet unformatted...LOL I'm still working out how I'll do the formatting...hehehe

### 09:25pm

I just realized the photo for today is similar to one I featured a few days ago...LOL It's another duck...LOL Oh well! The ducks were a part of my journey today...hehehe

### 09:45pm

There is a light rain now. We've been needing some rain...hehehe I love the rain <3 Still isn't storming, though...hehehe

### 10:15pm

Aaannnddd...the winds are back...LOL Still now storm, though...hehehe

## Photos

### Yesterday's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/06.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/06) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

### Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/07.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/07) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Bible Study

📖 [Yesterday's Bible in a Year reading](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/06) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.

📖 Today's Bible in a Year reading: please see below.

## Scripture

All of these made a significant impact on me and I wanted to include them in today's journal.

Psalm 77 was the theme for this week's *The Chosen* episode (S3E8). I recall this passage had also made an impact on me the first time I watched the episode a while ago. Seeing it again today quickly reminded me of how a felt last time. Today, it hit me just as much as, if not more than, it did before.

::: details Psalm 77
<!--@include: @/bible/translations/bsb/19_psa/077.md-->
:::

Romans 14 actually came up first yesterday and continued into today. In a way, it actually relates a bit to part of my response to last week's Bible study. But I came across it yesterday after a friend of mine was dealing with someone rebuking them *in the name of Jesus* for some tattoos they have. They have the tattoos for various reasons. But the funny thing is the tattoos that the person was rebuking them for were Disney...LOL It wasn't because of having tattoos in the first place. They were upset because they were skulls...Jack Skellington and the poison apple from the original Snow White...LOL Both the rebuker and the rebuked are Christians. Another funny thing, to me, is that I wasn't even looking for this passage. It came up after I prayed about the situation. But it was from some seemingly random thing I was looking at later that was completely unrelated...hehehe God is so good <3

::: details Romans 14
<!--@include: @/bible/translations/bsb/45_rom/014.md-->
:::

### Today's Bible in a Year Reading

Today's reading was a huge encouragement for me. The included BibleProject and The Bible Recap videos were important for context.

<!--@include: @/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/07.md{3,}-->