# TBD

## My Day

### 07:55am

I wasn't expecting how much sleep I got last night. I was exhausted early and was in bed by 11:30pm. I woke up at 07:27am...LOL One of my first thoughts was, *I guess I needed it!* The sun is hidden behind a blanket of water vapor (clouds) today and I thought it was probably pretty early when I woke. It seemed like it was early dawn. Nope! It was well past sunrise when my eyes opened...hehehe

### 11:00am

Do you ever write something, and then delete it later? I do that all the time. There was something I wrote yesterday and removed it almost immediately. And about an hour ago, I wrote something that I just deleted. I like typing out my thoughts for this very reason. It gives me a chance to say something and then review it. I get to see my thoughts from a new perspective. Although it is true that I was thinking and feeling a certain way in the moment, having a chance to rethink and grow is important to me. When I write out on paper, it's very different. When I'm talking out loud with someone, I can never undo what was said. But a place like this journal works best for me. I'm grateful for this medium. And it has helped me with paper writing and how I think aloud with someone else. I still have quite of room to grow. But I'm getting there.

I just got back in from my first walk. It is much cooler today. It is almost cold, even...hehehe I recalled something that happened almost 26 years ago during my prayer ministry. It was related to Lindsay. Just before her death, she took an expected turn for the worse. I told her uncle that we would continue to pray for healing. But he rebuked me and questioned why we needed to continue praying for healing when we had already done that. In my heart, I recounted the scriptures that tell us to pray without ceasing. And I recounted the statements Jesus made about faith. The current season of *The Chosen* has been a reminder of what happened during that season of my life. I still don't understand these things. I'm okay with that. I'm human, after all. I still question what faith truly means and why certain prayers aren't answered the way we expect. God is good. He is in control. He has a plan and His Will is what I truly want. My journey is a process. I trust God. I think in trusting Him, I have my answers to those questions.

It isn't how big my faith is...it's Who I have faith in <3

### 11:15am

My wrist doesn't hurt anymore...hehehe Once again, the arthritis was triggered by the weather. It's a reminder of how better Florida is on my body. In Indiana, these things were far worse. There is a significant difference in how it impacts my body between the two climates. My wrist still has some stiffness today. But the pain is gone.



## Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/07.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/07) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Bible

📖 [Today's Bible in a Year reading](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/06) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.