# TBD

## My Day

### 08:05am

That was so nice...I took a morning walk before work. It has been a while! It was a little chilly and I needed a jacket and hat...hehehe But it was well worth it. I took several photos and a video. I got a lot of sleep again last night. But today was a shave day. So I still had time for a walk <3

### 09:30am

Communication is hard. What questions do I need to ask? What do I need to say? Am I being clear? Do I understand what is being asked of me or what is being said to me? I expect at the age of 47 I should already be able to communicate well. And maybe I do? But lately, I've felt as if either I am not communicating well or I simply don't understand what is being communicated with me. I've been doing better about not assuming things and asking clarifying questions. But sometimes I feel as though the answers to my clarifying questions aren't the answers to the questions. I may have one context in my mind. And the one answering may have a different context or understanding in theirs.

This came to mind today because I had a question about a technical term in my industry. I went to *the web* for answers. I then asked an AI because I felt like the web search didn't yield an answer. Both gave the same answers...LOL With a computer system like a basic web search or an AI, it is likely impossible to share my context in order to clarifying what I'm asking. With humans, that is a little easier with extra effort by both of us.

But, then again, when I don't understand the answer as being an answer to my question or not, I then ask myself, *Do I really even need the answer?* As for today's technical question, I do not...LOL

### 10:45am

A little bit ago, I had said a little prayer as part of a larger set of prayers. And in short order, I believe I received the answer 3 times...hehehe This doesn't always happen. But I'm grateful when it does. And just to be clear, I *think* those 3 things are direct answers...I'm not saying *God told me this or that*...hehehe I know the Peace I felt when those 3 moments happened. Sometimes, that's all I need for an answer...Peace <3

I've been on 2 walks so far today. I think, because of that early walk today, I'll be getting in 5 one mile walks today...hehehe I find that interesting...

### 12:25pm

Something came up at work that I'm helping work through. It's with one of those apps I inherited. But with the old company, where the production version is still live, I don't have access to actually support it. So, I'm doing what I can to help troubleshoot while others do the actual work. Teamwork! LOL

This has thrown my usual start time off for my lunch hour. But that's okay. It will all work out. And I think I can still do everything I normally do on my break. We shall see...hehehe

I recalled that I've typically been going *through something* each Spring for who knows how long. And for a 2022-2024, loneliness was a part of it. This year is quite different. I still feel like I'm going *through something*. But I *feel* different. And I'd say it feels *better*. I think the growth I've experienced this past year has helped. But the *bottom line* is that God is good and He is my strength. He's helping me go *through something*.

### 04:15pm

Later in the day, that earlier prayer received another 3 *answers*...hehehe All 6 moments are reminders of God's consistent and constant presence <3

I was able to do my normal lunch stuff...just slightly shifted in time. I was also able to take my new mid-afternoon walk. So, I'm up to 4 miles today already with my after-work walk still ahead. I may take a sunset walk later too. I thought about that during my mid-afternoon walk.

Also, on that mid-afternoon walk, I prayed about this work issue that came to my attention today. It seemed like one of those requests for *wisdom, knowledge, and understanding* for what I need to do. Or another way to look at it, Proverbs 3:5-6. When I got back to my desk, I received a message from my boss asking if I had done anything because the problem was suddenly working fine...LOL I told him, *No, I did nothing more than pray for wisdom, knowledge, and understanding.* LOL He said, *Well, the universe responded* and he confirmed all was working again.

If God wills something, it happens. I trust Him.



## Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/08.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/08) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Bible

📖 [Today's Bible in a Year reading](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/08) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.