# TBD

## My Day

### 09:45am

I wrote out most of my day yesterday in a timestamp journal that I didn't published. This week, I am trying out a new day and time for my weekly call with my parents. I moved it from Sunday to Wednesday. It works out better for us all...hehehe But that meant I didn't have any time last night to finish up things here. I decided not to publish any of my words from yesterday. So, here are the highlights.

One of the best things about yesterday was that I was able to get in a morning walk before work. I was able to see the sunrise from outside. It had been a while! I was also able to do that today! I've missed that. It remains to be seen if this is officially back into my routine. We shall see! But I also walked 6 times yesterday. That was a first. Every 2 hours or so, I went for a one mile walk. I loved it! And I was also able to see the sunset again! That's now twice in less than a week...hehehe I did a lot of praying on those walks. That's why I took so many yesterday. Lots to pray about. In reading what I wrote yesterday, I think prayer was the most significant part of my day.

An issue came up at work yesterday with one of my apps that I inherited. I spent half my work day on it...LOL One of my walks was used to pray about the issue. I went with a prayer based on Proverbs 3:5-6. When I got back to the computer, the problem was resolved. My boss asked if I had done anything to fix it...LOL I did tell him that I prayed for wisdom, knowledge, and understanding...LOL He said, *well, the universe responded*...hehehe We don't discuss religion. But we do talk about stoic philosophy and the existence of a higher power. I honestly do not know where he stands on God versus *gods* versus the universe. But I do know he always appreciates our conversations about how to deal with life.

There was another prayer I spoke to God about. There were 6 moments yesterday that felt like answers to that prayer. They were moments of Peace that directly related to what the prayer was about. That doesn't always happen. Especially so quickly after a prayer. I suppose the prayer and the *answers* were just *that* important? I know that in the Word, when God repeats Himself, those are things we should pay close attention to.

Well, that's the basic gist of yesterday. Like I said above, I was able to get outside for an early morning walk again today. It was a great way to start the day. And work is going swell so far today. I'm unlikely to do 6 walks again. I'm always praying. But I don't need to go on walks to do that. Yesterday just happened to be *that* kind of day. Ooh...and the 6 moments of Peace weren't related to the 6 walks. They were 6 *other* moments...hehehe

### 01:30pm

Danielle sent me a text about her new grandbaby <3 My heart is so happy for her and the family. Her children and grandchildren are so important to her. I appreciate that she kept me in the loop on this exciting new part of her journey <3

I've only taken 2 walks so far today. And only 1 more is planned for later. I normally take one right after work. But today, I may hold off and do it at sunset. My walks are little slower today.

I've been less myself on my walks this week. With the exception of people I've interacted with before. Those folks seem happy to see me...hehehe But for people I haven't seen before, or those who never seem to respond to my *hello*, I've simply smiled and waved. I don't like the idea of losing that part of me. But the culture down here is different than what I grew up with. So, perhaps its time to make this change permanent? I still get to be *myself* at places like Disney.

### 02:15pm

Communication is hard. *What questions do I need to ask? What do I need to say? Am I being clear? Do I understand what is being asked of me or what is being said to me?* I expect at the age of 47 I should already be able to communicate well. And maybe I do? But lately, I've felt as if either I am not communicating well or I simply don't understand what is being communicated with me. I've been doing better about not assuming things and asking clarifying questions. But sometimes I feel as though the answers to my questions aren't the answers to the questions. Or what I'm saying was misunderstood because the responses to what I said don't always align with what I said. I may have one context in my mind. And the other person may have a different context or understanding in theirs.

This came to mind yesterday because I had a question about a technical term in my industry. I went to *the web* for answers. I then asked an AI because I felt like the web search didn't yield an answer to *my* question. Both gave the same answers...LOL With a computer system like a basic web search or an AI, it is likely impossible to share my context in order to clarifying what I'm asking. With humans, that is a little easier with extra effort by both of us.

But, then again, when I don't understand the answer as being an answer to my question or not, I then ask myself, *Do I really even need the answer?* As for yesterday's technical question, I did not...LOL And when I feel the person I'm talking to didn't understand what I said, I sometimes ask myself, *Did I really need to be understood?*

When something is important, though, all of those latter rhetorical questions are moot. When understanding is vital, so is communication. No matter how hard it may seem. That's when the former rhetorical questions come into play. Communication really *is* hard. For my at least. That's why I want to continue to grow in this area.

### 03:30pm

I've reach that time of day when I start to feel hungry for dinner. I had some fruit about 45 minutes go. I'd normally go for another light snack. But I decided not to do a walk after work today. I'll just make my dinner at 5pm and do a sunset walk instead.

I was excited to bring fried rice back into my dinner routine last night. I think the last time I had it at home was in February...LOL My March vacation scrambled my diet a little...hehehe I had gone back to having chowmein most Mondays. Fried rice hadn't made it back on the menu until last night, though. Ooh, and I started doing Meatless Mondays...LOL Cherie put me onto it. She would joke about it. Then I suddenly found myself being meatless some of the Mondays. Now, I plan for it...HAHAHA It's as fun as Taco Tuesdays...hehehe

The pool has been pretty active lately. The weather has been favorable for people to enjoy sunbathing and swimming. There were only a few days, as that cold front passed through, when it was too cold to be out there. It has been hot lately; which is saying a lot since *I* say it is hot...LOL If it is *Greg hot*, then it must be extremely hot...LOL This week hasn't been hot, though. Just warm from mid-day on. I'm still in jeans...LOL But that will change soon. It will be back to being hot soon. And eventually, *Greg hot*...HAHAHA

### 07:10pm

I'll be going out for my sunset walk here shortly. This has been a prayerfully contemplative week for me. There is so much on my mind and in my heart. There is so much to grieve. I need to be angry and sad. I need to process everything. God is so good. I know He wants me to shout and to cry. I'm both broken and healing. I'm happy and distraught. My soul is enduring a civil war.

Aside from this part of today's journal, I also wrote something I hope to post soon. It's on Providence <3 But now, it's time for that sunset walk...hehehe

### 07:55pm

That was an interesting walk...LOL The sunset was beautiful once again...hehehe I waved and smiled at a few people. I said *hello* to one couple I've engaged with many times before. They acted like they had never seen me before. But another person, who has never engaged with me without my initiating, waved and told me *hello*, first, as I was approaching. So, it was a mixed bag of greetings and rejections...LOL And the complete opposite of *normal*...LOL Bottom line, people will be people. I need to be me...LOL It will ebb and flow. Even I will. Whatever I feel like in the moment, that's what I'll do. Sometimes it will be a smile and wave. Sometimes it will be a *hello*. I'll read the mood...both mine, and theirs. I'm self-aware. It will all be okay.

One of the dogs I always greet was a little different tonight too. He always barks until I stop to pet him. But tonight, he didn't bark. He happily approached me knowing that I would pet him...hehehe Even his owners were surprised that his behavior had changed...LOL I guess he just knew I needed him as much as he needed me tonight...hehehe

I was thinking about that piece on Providence. It's way more deep than I typically go with a social media post. Is it time to start showing that side of me? I have on occasion posted a poem. People do connect with those when I do that. This particular piece is inspired by what I'm going through at the moment.

I recalled that I've typically been going *through something* each Spring for who knows how long. And for a 2022-2024, loneliness was a part of it. This year is quite different. I still feel like I'm going *through something*. But I *feel* different. And I'd say it feels *better*. I think the growth I've experienced this past year has helped. But the *bottom line* is that God is good and He is my strength. He's helping me go *through something* again this year. And I like what it is doing to my heart now that I'm more aware of God's work in it.

### 08:45pm

This is an interesting predicament...HAHAHA I'm sitting here with my evening coffee and snack while reviewing today's photos. This is what I do most days. But I'm unhappy with all of them...LOL Today is the 100th day...and I don't like any of the photos from today. I've had those days when I got to this part of the day and hadn't taken any. So, I would take one of something in the apartment. I may have to do that today simply because I'm unhappy with the photos I took today...LOL This is a first! Maybe I should post a selfie? I made one today that I really liked but didn't use for anything...LOL I still have time to either change my mind about one of the candidates, take a random photo in my apartment, choose the selfie, or end this featured photo thing...HAHAHA

### 09:30pm

I settled on a photo...LOL You'll see it below. The song I chose for the Instagram post really perked me up! I went with *I'm Sitting On Top Of The World* with Al Jolson. The way he sang it makes me laugh...hehehe It's the way I would sing it. And that made my heart happy <3

Now that I'm in a silly mood, I should probably mention that some of what I've written about this week sounds a little depressing. I'm not depressed. Even in the sadness, I'm very happy and content. The *something* I'm going through isn't anything like any of the somethings I've dealt with in the past. And the grief I need to process is a whole lot of things I just haven't fully dealt with yet. I wasn't able to deal with them before now. Some of it is quite recent, though. Grief is a fickle thing. Some grief is never truly resolved. Some takes time. And some goes through the famous stages. There isn't a right or wrong thing with grief. As long as we process it, all is okay. And that's what I'm doing.

### 10:15pm

I just finished adding the photos and Bible in a Year pages from yesterday and today. So, I think I can call this day complete. I'll shower soon and get ready for bed.

I'm doing well. It may not seem like it based on some things I write about. But I'm just writing out thoughts. It's difficult to convey the feelings and emotions behind the words. It's contradictory to say I'm happy and content while also saying I'm going through a civil war...LOL I'm just being honest and raw in those various moments. When I fly high above the moments, I see a day that was good. I see a week that is going well. I see God in all of it. I bring to mind the scripture that is written on my heart. There is a time and a purpose to everything. God is good. And because of that, I'm doing good.

We may go see *King of Kings* on Saturday. I've been looking forward to it since I heard about it. It's not just because it is about Jesus. I'm fascinated by how the story is being told. I only know based on the teaser...hehehe But that's the point of the teaser. It's to entice me to want to go see it. Plus, I get to see it *with* Cherie. Sure, we'll be over 2k miles apart...LOL But it is so much fun to see it at about the same time even if it is in separate theaters.

This concludes our broadcast day... 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Cnchea6LHN0?si=g3JcTDUPIitbFLY_" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Photos

### Yesterday's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/09.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/09) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

### Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/10.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/10) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Bible

📖 [Yesterday's Bible in a Year reading](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/09) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.

📖 [Today's Bible in a Year reading](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/10) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.