# TBD

## My Day

### 11:45am

This morning has been one of *those* mornings...LOL This week as been one of *those* weeks, actually. I almost made a social media post...hehehe I decided not to. I wanted to express how I didn't like *it*...meaning, I didn't like how this week has been and how this morning had been going. I'll probably write more about this later today. We'll see.

Part of the morning I really didn't like is that I didn't have my breakfast and coffee at my usual time. That coupled with new meetings popping up today, I won't be able to take an actually lunch break. I may try to make a *normal* lunch to eat during one of the meetings. With my current diet, timing is important. But today is a lesson in being better prepared for when I have one of *these* days...LOL

I was able to get out for a short walk today, though. I only got in 1 lap...LOL A third of a mile is better than no walk at all. I saw something beautiful; besides the sunrise...hehehe After I took my sunrise photo, a saw an osprey take off from one of the trees and circle the pond. He perched back up on top of one of the trees. Shortly after, I saw him dive down from the tree straight into the pond. With a great splash, he had secured his breakfast. I then saw him launch out of the water like a fountain of hope with what he had secured. A fish was held tightly in his talons as he soared off into the distance. I imagine he found a nearby parking lot light to sit on and have his breakfast. Good job little buddy! Enjoy your food. God does provide!

Although I don't always like what is happening and how it makes me feel, I'll not allow things to *ruin* my hope. My hope is in the LORD. But I still don't like *it*...HAHAHA

### 12:45pm

We've booked our tickets to see *The King of Kings* tomorrow. For me, it's around 2pm. For her, it's around 11am. I'm excited for this film. I think I mentioned this yesterday...but I like how this one is being told.

This is getting me thinking about going to another movie tonight too. I've been wanting to see *Captain America: Brave New World* in the cinema. It has been out for a while now. I don't know how much longer it will be. I wanted to go these past few weekends. But it hasn't worked out. Tonight would be a good time to go if I decide to. Two movies in a row?

I took another 1 lap walk around the pond a little bit ago. Even though I haven't been able to do my usual walking today, I'm grateful I have been able to walk at all. This is part of things I don't like today...hehehe I want to walk, walk, walk...LOL I'll take what I can get. God is good <3

### 03:25pm

I decided to go to the movies tonight to see that Captain America movie. It will be fun...hehehe I think I've seen all of those Marvel Cinematic Universe films in the the theatre. I've seen almost all of the TV shows too. I think the only show I have yet to catch up on is *Daredevil: Reborn*. All of these things tie in together. I haven't caught up with *What If?* either. But I don't think those directly connect. I'm sure there is a way to watch each movie and show individually without needing to watch it all. But I'm one who picks up on the connections. So, I prefer to keep up with it. Star Wars has become this sort of thing too. I think at some point, I'm going to lose this connection or the desire to keep up. But for now, I haven't. I enjoy it and it makes me happy. So, I'm glad to be seeing this new film in the theatre after all.

I'm not really complaining about what it is I don't like right now. I'm just acknowledging that I don't like some things. I often wonder if I come across as a overly positive guy. But I am still well connected with reality and you can see that in my journal. That's why I pondered if I would do a social media post. I may still do one. I think it's okay to not be *okay* with everything in life. It's okay to be wrong. It's okay to need help. It's okay to not like when a routine is interrupted. Good or bad, it's okay to acknowledge it all. Writing about these things this week has been a huge help. And I'll be glad to read about these things in the future. I like to see what I was thinking a year ago when I last went through this particular season. I wish I had been journaling two years ago...LOL Two years ago I was really struggling. Last year wasn't so bad. And this year, well, I'm doing great with it all, actually. So, no, I'm not complaining. I'm seeing...

### 05:15pm

I'm all finished with work for the week. I took 4 one lap walks today. It was nice to be more leisurely than normal with the walks. I took something I didn't like (not being able to do my normal walks) and found some happiness (being able to enjoy what I was able to do). I just finished that last walk...hehehe I could have done a full mile on this walk. But I realized the joy of slowing down. When I do 3 laps at a time, I go faster due to time. Doing just 1 lap allows me to slow down a little for that single lap. That's where I found the happiness in it.

I'm going to have fried rice again. It will be a nice dinner before my movie tonight. I'll probably get popcorn and a soda. I'm not sure if I'll do that tomorrow or not. Two days in a row is a bit much for that. But I don't do this often. So, it'll be okay if I do it again tomorrow. Just thinking out loud here...hehehe

I had a dream last night that trigger anxiety in the middle of the night. I was praying in front of a group of people. My dad called me out for having too long a prayer. He was rebuking me based on what Jesus said about *the hypocrites*. Check out Matthew 6:5 for reference. I felt horrible in the dream and then I woke up feeling the same way. I used to want to make my dad proud. To see his look of shame and rebuke crushed my spirit. I was even crushed for a moment when I awoke. I'm not sure if there is any meaning to this dream or what was going on that made me feel the way I did. But I'm glad it was just a dream. When I do pray long prayers with others, I don't mean to. I just love talking to God. And I love talking to Him with others too. I sometimes stumble through prayers as I get all tripped up on words. I struggle with words sometimes. And I struggle when reading aloud. I work through that, though. I desire to grow. I sometimes apologize. But I don't want to give up. I want to keep going. 



## Photos

### Yesterday's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/09.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/09) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

### Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/10.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/10) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Bible

📖 [Yesterday's Bible in a Year reading](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/09) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.

📖 [Today's Bible in a Year reading](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/10) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.