# TBD

## My Day ☀️

### 07:50am

It has been a while! My last journal entry was on Easter...hehehe I had quite a week since then. I wasn't able to write. And I've missed this!

I had a staycation last week where my parents came down for a visit. I mostly stuck around the area. That's why I'm calling it a staycation. I took time off. But I mostly stayed at home each night. The only exception was 1 night at Disney's Pop Century hotel. That night, we all had dinner at The Cake Bake for mom's birthday celebration and then we did EPCOT the next day so I could participate in Dapper Day.

I'll probably write a little bit about all of it later today. It was a good week and I'm grateful for their visit. I'm grateful for my parents and I see the Blessing of still having them in my life <3

Today, I'm back to my routine; which includes going back to work...hehehe My boss contacted me about an issue on Wednesday. I felt that was odd because I've never been contacted on my days off. I didn't stress about it, though. I simply answered his questions when I could. It was mom's actual birthday that day and I didn't want to interrupt *her* day. My parents actually do not know work was involved in the day...LOL I didn't say anything about it to them...hehehe



## Today's photo 📸

<!--@include: @/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/18.md{3,}-->

You can find [this photo](/photos/photo-a-day/2025/04/18) in the [photo](/photos/) section too.

## Bible 📖

### Bible in a Year

📖 [Today's reading](/bible/plans/bible-in-a-year/04/18) in the [Bible](/bible/) section.