# TBD

It has been nice being mostly back to my routine. There is a certain comfort in routine. I've been doing well at keeping from being stuck in a rut. I had a wonderful time with my family. And I'm having a wonderful time alone this week. It's a good balance, I think.

I'm wearing my new white shorts today. I bought them last week at Kohl's when I went there with my parents. The original motivation was to have them for Saturday's Dapper Day. I later changed my mind. But I thought I'd wear them today. They are comfy and I like them. I'm wearing a black shirt with them. Black and white seem to look good on me and allow for my colorful personality to shine...LOL j/k

By the way, that left over issue from yesterday was quickly resolved this morning. A database change went in last week that impacted more than they thought. It was an easy fix this morning and all is well in the world again...hehehe I'm glad it was an easy fix. And I'm glad I stayed on top of it so the end users could get back to work. It was an easy and quick win. I like those when they happen sometimes...hehehe I wouldn't want everything to be quick and easy. It's difficult to grow through these easy things. But they are nice to have from time to time.

I originally started off this entry quite differently. I moved all of that into a private journal. Last year, I wrote about how I wanted to create a private journal. Well, I think today is a good day to start that. Well, technically, I'm just continuing in the journal I started in 2023 before I made a blog...hehehe I remembered that I still had that. And so, for now, it will be my private journal where I can work out some thoughts before I put them out for all to see...LOL

Both in the Bible study and in my Bible in a Year readings, there have been thoughts that God doesn't need our prayers to be formal all of the time. They can be just like talking to a friend or parent. It's okay for them to be raw. He can handle anything, after all...LOL Well, that thought got me thinking about my journaling. Sometimes I hold back because I either don't have a thought completely fleshed out or I don't want to say something that I'll have to further explain for context. Sometimes, I just want to write and not think about who is reading it or how they might perceive it.

As this month comes to a close, I'm reflecting on how it was a good month. Overall, I've had a good year. I know not everyone has had such a good year. And in reality, there is quite a bit about my own year that I really don't like. But I'm choosing to be happy about all the good, the bad, and the ugly. Not in a toxic positivity way, of course. Just a reality check that what I need, I have. And that some of my wants, I also have. But also that not everything is comfortable, enjoyable, or how I'd like things to be.

I'm actually more open about this in my Bible study. I talk more about what I don't like in those notes than what I would here. That's also why I wanted a private journal. It helps me be more open with myself if I can just say exactly what I'm feeling. I've been able to do that with the Bible study because it is a fellowship with a trusted friend. But even that can have its limits. Such as, have I communicated well what I'm feeling? I mostly know what I mean when I write. But does that always come across to her exactly how it is meant to be? Same with what I say outside of what I write. Sometimes we discuss things we don't write in our notes...hehehe

But back to my point, I have a wonderful life. At least in the same ways as the story in the famous movie, *It's a Wonderful Life*. There is no denying it...life sucks...literally...it sucks the *life* right out of me...LOL It's okay to admit that things are hard. Even if something is easy for someone else, I can find a lot of things about life that are hard or almost unbearable at times. And things that are easy for me might be very hard for someone else. We all have different journeys. We all have different talents and resources to navigate our journeys. No two lives are alike.

It's okay to feel the pain of it all. And it's equally okay to celebrate the little and big wins we have in life. So, when I take the 30,000 foot view of my life, I'd say it has been wonderful. And I'd say it has been difficult. It takes both perspectives to form the healthiest thoughts about my life.

How this all relates to *It's a Wonderful Life* is pretty simple. No matter how things weigh me down, the little note *Clarence* leaves *George* sums it up: *Dear George:- Remember <u>no</u> man is a failure who has <u>friends</u>. Thanks for the wings! Love Clarence*

But please allow me to paraphrase that first part, will you: *Dear Greg:- Remember no <u>life</u> is a failure with <u>Jesus</u>.*

I have a wonderful life...because of Jesus...and because of God and the Holy Spirit.