# Chef Fried Rice

### 2025/12/03

I was really feeling it this morning. I haven't seen the sun since Friday. I was grateful to see the sunset that day. I love the rising and setting of the sun. I think it may have peeked out just once since. That's Indiana for ya! I told Dan that I missed the sun. I then told him I wondered if it misses me too. His response was appreciated. He assured me the sun told him it misses me too... hehehe

The issue I ran into at work yesterday turned out to be a firewall thing. The authentication call was being blocked. Which makes good sense. That should be resolved soon. I still can't wait to retire from this career... LOL I haven't loved it in years. But I'll keep plugging along for as long as I'm supposed to do it. I'm grateful for my job and how I can help people through it.

The topic of AI keeps coming up. Both personally and professionally. It's everywhere now. Of course, it's actually been everywhere far longer than the average person thinks about. The AI most talked about these days is the conversational thing that is *replacing human intellect and creativity*... LOL I kid of course... LOL But AI has actually been around since the mid-50's. People just interact with the *machine* more directly now. I see it as the tool that it is. I appreciate what it has done for me my entire life. And I love how it has advanced into this interactive chat thing that it has become. I enjoy using AI as a virtual assistant in my day-to-day life now. I hope it continues to evolve into more. I'll continue to use it as a helpful tool. I still need to use my knowledge, understanding, wisdom, and experience to leverage its output. It doesn't replace *me*. It just makes me *better*... hehehe.

I went ahead and ordered chef fried rice from Bing's for lunch today. I was really craving that and was disappointed I didn't get it last night. And I actually got it this time... LOL It was just as good as always. I still have leftovers from last night to enjoy another time this week. But my chef fried rice craving is satisfied... hehehe. I didn't tell her that my order was wrong last night. We talked about Disney, though. She loved my Olaf hat... LOL She and her family are so lovely and sweet. I love that they are a part of my hometown community. They've been here for over 30 years now. Her mom, Lisa, is why my mom loves to eat rice now... LOL. They sold their original restaurant a few years ago. It tanked and closed shortly after. So Bing opened her current place and everything was right in the world again... LOL

I had a lovely time with Malachi and his mother in Terre Haute tonight for dinner. We went to Sushi Lovers. That's another place we seem to always go to on my longer visits lately. They introduced me to it earlier this year. It was nice to talk and enjoy food together. They wanted to go home after dinner. So I dropped them off and headed back to Mom and Dad's. The time we had was quality time <3 I'm grateful for the 2 hours.

Mom will be staying home the next few days. They won't let her drive for a few days after chemo. Also, Dad gets with *the guys* on Thursdays. So, I have Mom all to myself most of the day tomorrow... hehehe I'll visit with her on my breaks. And I'll have someone to have lunch with! Yay! She is doing so well <3

I normally call Mom and Dad on Wednesdays. I didn't call them this week. Because... I'm at their house! HAHAHA I know what they've been up to since last week. And they know what I've been up to as well. Most of it has been a shared experience... hehehe

I only have two days left here for this visit. I start my drive home Saturday and will finish up on Sunday. But I'll be back in 3 weeks for Christmas. I'll be missing the big Marine Family Christmas this year. I worked it out to be there last year. I planned it last minute and turned it into a surprise. Since I wasn't here for Christmas Day last year, I chose that as a priority over the other day. I did that for Mom <3 And I'll be here to have Christmas with my brother's family at our parent's house. I was able to do that last year too. I always do, actually. It will be a good Christmas <3