# (Good or Bad) Fortune Cookies

### 2025/12/05

Something I failed to mention yesterday was that my brother wanted to see my Tab X C last night because he might be interested in getting a new e-ink tablet in that size. It's the 13.3 inch size. I went ahead and showcased all of my current devices. I also showed him the Qwerkywriter typewriter keyboard I often use when I write. I didn't show him the artwork I've been doing on e-ink, though. It didn't even cross my mind... LOL

I'm not quite sure how long he's had one, but Andy has had e-ink tablets for quite some time. He converted to a completely paperless workflow in his classroom years ago. He started off using the largest iPad for grading papers. But then he switched to e-ink when those became a tool beyond e-reading. He marks up student papers using e-ink and even records his voice with feedback that his students can listen to. It's a fascinating workflow that he uses e-ink devices for on his side. I think the students have Chromebooks on their side. But he's also making a push to have e-ink available for students as an option, especially for students with concussions.

The sun made an appearance again today. The sunshine is so important to me. Heat isn't all that important. It's the light it brings. I never tire of the light... hehehe I can only imagine what God's Light will be like in the Kingdom after this age. But I've had a glimpse of it, spiritually speaking. So the feelings I have for the sun in this age is what I lean on to get a sense of what is to come, even if the sun isn't close to what will be... LOL 

Work is going really well. And since I have a full office setup at Mom and Dad's now, I've had a great week of work. This year is ending really well with work. The whole year was good with the official cut over and everything that came with that. I thrived on that, actually. I still can't talk about specifics of my job publicly. But it's a good job to have and I feel like I help a lot of people. The details of the work are sensitive. But it isn't like it's top secret work or anything like that... hehehe Even though I don't desire to be in tech anymore, I'm glad to be working here. The work is fulfilling for the most part. I love helping people and the folks I work for help make it even better.

I'm thinking about using the fortunes from the cookies I got from Bing's as writing prompts of some kind. Good or bad (fortune), it should be fun! I said something about that to Mom and Dad at lunch today. Dad suggested I take all of the individual letters from each word and make new words from the bunch of letters... hehehe That might be one of the writing exercises I do. I could do the same with each word too. But I am also considering using the full sentences as part of larger writings. Like a short story or poem. I could generate a lot from the four fortunes I saved from this week's trips to Bing's... LOL

I worked half day so I could spend some time with Mom and Dad and then go to Terre Haute early to pick up Malachi. We all had dinner and played cards at Grandma's. My Aunt Trudy joined us this week. And Aunt Sue dropped by. It was a lovely evening of fun and fellowship. And a nice way to spend my final evening for this trip.

I didn't journal about last Friday. We had a similar Friday of fun and fellowship after my arrival, sans Aunt Trudy. This week, she won the card game. But I won last week. When I won, I won by a huge margin. This week, I got last place by a huge margin... LOL I love that game. We play Five Crowns now. Besides my huge win last week, another highlight was singing "You are my Sunshine" with Grandma. It started because of the gloomy weather they had been having. I joked about me being sunshine and then we broke out into song. The amazing thing about this is that her hearing is almost completely gone. Yet she was able to clearly sing with me. It was such a joy and made my heart so happy.

We did not sing this week, though.... hehehe We left a little earlier this week, actually. This was a chemo week for Mom and she was getting really tired. Although it's tough to see her weakness, it's equally joyous to see her strength through this. I'm so grateful to witness and experience God's goodness for and through Mom <3

If Mom is feeling up to it, the four of us will go have breakfast before I take Malachi home and I start my journey home. If she isn't feeling it, Malachi and I will check out a new coffee shop here in Mooresville. Either way, my last experience here will be breakfast with loved ones before the bittersweet goodbye. I love having breakfast that last morning before my drives. That's one of the reasons I love to drive here instead of fly... hehehe Breakfast isn't necessarily my favorite meal. But when I'm with loved ones at breakfast, my heart is happy.

I've had such a warm hug kind of visit here. Despite my struggles this week, I have new memories to cherish and carry with me. I hope I've captured that well in my journal this week. I'd love to look back year after year remembering all the things that made my heart happy this week. And I'm glad Bingford enjoyed his first wintery experience in the frozen tundra known as Indiana... HAHAHA