# Trusting God

Well, hello there! It has been a while, hasn't it? HAHAHA I was doing well keeping up with this blog for the first 3 weeks of December. And then *crickets*...*chirp chirp chirp* LOL I actually did a lot of journaling over the past week. I just didn't turn any of it into something post-able...hehehe I've been working on a method to journal daily so I could take that into the new year and journal every day. I may try it and see how that goes. But I still don't know if I'll keep up with it daily. I definitely don't want it to become a chore...hehehe

Although I've been reflecting on this past year, I don't have a whole lot to say. As I said a year ago, there's really no need to recap what I've already written here. I still have some things to catch up on...like our November vacation. But I'm not going to go into all of the amazing things of this year here in this post today.

Something that came from my journaling this past week is that I learned quite a bit about God this year. Especially how I can trust Him. I'm carrying that into the new year. I imagine He is going to allow some circumstances in my life that will help me learn to trust Him more. But I've meditated on this and discovered that I already trust God a great deal. What I need to do is trust myself less. When I put my trust in *me*, that's when things go sideways. But He is faithful. When I put my trust in *Him*, things seem a whole lot better in my heart. They may still seem sideways at times. The storms will come, after all. But my heart can *be still and know that He is God*.

By trusting myself less, I'm talking about leaning on my own knowledge and understanding. I can definitely trust myself in general. But when it comes to matters of spiritual significance or matters of the heart, I cannot always trust that what I know, understand, or even feel is correct. But God knows and He will guide me if I trust in Him more than I do myself...if that makes sense?

I'm grateful for 2025. There were times when I didn't feel like it was a *good* year. But I was wrong. I also felt like 2024 may have been a better year. But as I review this year, I'm beginning to see how much better 2025 actually was. It wasn't better because of better circumstances or events. It was better because of all the goodness of God that I was able to witness and experience. I had eyes to see and ears to hear with a heart that was listening and watching closely. I've had that before this year. But I've been growing each year. So, 2025 was better in that sense.

Mom rang the bell today. I didn't even know that was a thing before last week. Is that common knowledge?! Basically, on the final day of chemo, the patient gets to ring a bell and everyone celebrates. I think she said that there were 3 of them total who were able to ring the bell today. Praise the Lord! She goes in for her radiation scan on Friday. That will be to prep her for the actual radiation treatment to come. I believe she will receive her schedule during her scan appointment. God is so good. This journey is one of the many things I have witnessed and experienced this year to see the goodness of God. And it is one of the many ways I learned about trusting Him.

I didn't handwrite this entry. I decided to go old school and source it through a keyboard...LOL Old school...HAHAHA Handwriting *was* old school. Now I do it with most things. And I do it every single day. Tonight, I just felt like I didn't want to connect with these words the way I have grown to love these past months. Why? No particular reason. My heart is in a great place tonight. My head space is as clear as ever. I don't need to connect with this entry tonight. I just needed to write it. That's all. Well, type it...LOL

Goodbye 2025. You were a good friend. Hello 2026. Welcome to the journey!