# TBD

My path hasn't been taking me to the keyboard much lately. By that I mean, I haven't been writing. It isn't that I have nothing to say. I have plenty to write about. Even with my creative writing, I have plenty churning in my mind. I just haven't been getting to the keyboard much to get it all out of my head...LOL

A quick update on my eating at home. I've continued to be disciplined at cooking and having most meals at home. The exception remains my time at Disney. So, twice since my return from California I've technically eaten out. Both times being at Disney. I'm both surprised and quite pleased that I've been eating at home. I've enjoyed cooking so much. And even cleaning the dishes shortly after each meal has been therapeutic.

Thanksgiving was one of my Disney days. I had three meals there. I never do that...LOL But I thought, since it was a special occasion, I might as well enjoy the experience. I had breakfast at Oga's, lunch at The Brown Derby, and supper at 50's Prime Time Café. The lunch and supper meals were both Thanksgiving. The one at Brown Derby was elegant, but pricey. The one at 50's Prime Time was half the cost and twice the food...LOL But both experiences were amazing. The Oga's thing was because they have new food items that just came out in November. I think it was actually first introduced last week. So *that* new.

I'm ever so close to finishing the chapter I'm working on for my book project. I just haven't been able to get to the keyboard to wrap it up. Yes, technically I'm at my keyboard writing this journal entry. But it takes a different mind space to write creatively. I'm writing this in a moment when my brain just needs to dump some thoughts...LOL When my mind is ready to be creative, I haven't been able to get to it. That can be frustrating sometimes. But I know I'm always where I'm suppose to be doing what I'm supposed to do.

I have a poem churning in my mind right now too. I hope I get around to writing it. It seems beautiful in my head right now...hehehe I love writing poems. However, like my paintings, I'm only inspired a few times a year. Maybe I'll be more creative in 2025 as I continue to evolve my routine...hehehe I'd love to spend more time at the keyboard and at my paint desk <3

Yesterday, my mom talked about how fast this year as gone. I've actually experienced the opposite. I feel as though this year was well paced. I wouldn't go so far as to say it was slow. That would imply it wasn't enjoyable...LOL I prefer to think of it as well paced. So many wonderful things happened this year. I keep replaying key moments in my head. But one thing that stands out about it all is how I took the time in each moment to enjoy it for what it was as it was happening. I feel like, for the first time in my life, I truly lived out my moments.

I hope I continue to live life this way. I was able to experience so much more this year as a result. The world around me may have been zipping by. But my own personal world took a leisurely walk right next to me. It has been a pleasant stroll in 2024. I've been giving it all a lot of thought since Thanksgiving because this is the last few weeks of the year. I love this year...hehehe

