# TBD

I finished the first draft of what I believe will be the first short story in a collection of stories I will potentially publish as a book...hehehe I already wrote another story. So, this is the second one I've written so far. I'm enjoying writing fiction. This is the first time I've written in the style I'm doing these. We'll see how it goes...LOL Deep down, I really hope this project takes off. But I'm setting my expectations appropriately. And I'm taking my time. I started this chapter a few weeks ago. I didn't pressure myself to finish it quickly. It was mostly finished in my head over a week ago. I just hadn't finished it until tonight...hehehe It remains a first draft, though. As I continue writing other stories, I'll likely have to update what I've already written. Although it is a collection of independent short stories, there will be tiny connections that I want to make along the way. As a result, I may need to adjust things as I go to keep the continuity aligned. For example, some of the timeline in this latest story doesn't quite align with part of the timeline of the story/chapter I had previously written. I'll fix those types of things as this project evolves. But here's hoping that this comes to fruition <3

I realized today two important things about this year. The first was just how much I've written in various forms this year. I've been journaling here. I've been journaling with the devotionals and Bible studies with Cherie. I've written poetry. I'm working on this new fiction project. I did some work on that Vitamin G book. I've written email and handwritten letters. I've even written some things that never got finished...LOL I've written more things this year than I have ever written before combined! And I don't see myself stopping anytime soon. The second thing I realized is how much I've read. Before this year, I didn't read much. Especially books. I always enjoyed reading. But that hadn't been a priority for a while. Well, this year, I've read several books and I've read everything Cherie has written that she's shared with me. Between writing and reading, I've been filled with a new kind of joy this year...hehehe

I've begun my retrospective and introspective meditation on the year. *Retro* being a reflection on the events of the year and their impact on my life. *Intro* being how I feel about the events and their impact. That's what sparked my thoughts about reading and writing. I began this process after my call with mom and dad the other night. As I mentioned yesterday, mom made note of how fast she thought this year as gone by. I've seen other people talking about that too. I guess it's that time of year when people think about such things...hehehe I can honestly say this has been the best year of my life. And no, it did not go by fast whatsoever. I loved how well it was paced for me. I think I said that last night too...LOL But it is quite true!

The year isn't quite over yet, though. We still have just under 4 weeks left. With work, I have a busy month. Outside of work, I have plans. But I wouldn't call it super busy. Lord Willing, if all of the plans work out, it will be another wonderful month. And a great way to end 2024. I'm looking forward to 2025 already. But I'll wait patiently for its arrival...LOL I'm in no rush to get to the future. I'm enjoying the moment way too much...hehehe That's probably why this year hasn't gone by fast for me...hehehe

I avoided watching television tonight. Well, except I did watch this week's *The Chosen* episode again. But I do that to get my mind prepared for doing each night's session of the lesson. Other than that, no other TV was watched...hehehe I typically at least watch something while I have my supper. But I didn't even do that tonight.

Speaking of supper, today is Taco Tuesday...hehehe I did something new this week. I modified my shrimp taco recipe that I created from some tacos I've had at Disney World. These were truly my own this time. They turned out fantastic. I made a breading from corn meal and some seasonings I use for my chicken tacos. Except I went with cayenne instead of chipotle and added chili. I think I'll do chipotle next time, though. Cayenne isn't as spicy as chipotle. Regardless, I did enjoy the tacos very much. On Thursday, I'm going to use cod for fish tacos for the first time. I've only even used tilapia for fish tacos. So I'm excited! I'll use my air fryer option of my multi-cooker to cook the fish.

