# The Sun is Rising

I finished the first draft of what I believe will be the first short story in a collection of stories I will potentially publish as a book...hehehe I already wrote another story. So, this is the second one I've written so far. I'm enjoying writing fiction. This is the first time I've written in the style I'm doing these. We'll see how it goes...LOL Deep down, I really hope this project takes off. But I'm setting my expectations appropriately. And I'm taking my time. I started this chapter a few weeks ago. I didn't pressure myself to finish it quickly. It was mostly finished in my head over a week ago. I just hadn't finished it until tonight...hehehe It remains a first draft, though. As I continue writing other stories, I'll likely have to update what I've already written. Although it is a collection of independent short stories, there will be tiny connections that I want to make along the way. As a result, I may need to adjust things as I go to keep the continuity aligned. For example, some of the timeline in this latest story doesn't quite align with part of the timeline of the story/chapter I had previously written. I'll fix those types of things as this project evolves. But here's hoping that this comes to fruition <3

I realized today two important things about this year. The first was just how much I've written in various forms this year. I've been journaling here. I've been journaling with the devotionals and Bible studies with Cherie. I've written poetry. I'm working on this new fiction project. I did some work on that Vitamin G book. I've written email and handwritten letters. I've even written some things that never got finished...LOL I've written more things this year than I have ever written before combined! And I don't see myself stopping anytime soon. The second thing I realized is how much I've read. Before this year, I didn't read much. Especially books. Reading hadn't been a priority for a while. Well, this year, I've read several books and I've read everything Cherie has written that she's shared with me. I'm even on track for finishing the reading of the entire Bible. Between writing and reading, I've been filled with a new kind of joy this year...hehehe

I've begun my retrospective and introspective meditation on the year. *Retro* being a reflection on the events of the year and their impact on my life. *Intro* being how I feel about the events and their impact. That's what sparked my thoughts about reading and writing. I began this process after my call with mom and dad the other night. As I mentioned yesterday, mom made note of how fast she thought this year as gone by. I've seen other people talking about that too. I guess it's that time of year when people think about such things...hehehe I can honestly say this has been the best year of my life. And no, it did not go by fast whatsoever. I loved how well it was paced for me. I think I said that last night too...LOL But it is quite true!

The year isn't quite over yet, though. We still have just under 4 weeks left. With work, I have a busy month. Outside of work, I have plans. But I wouldn't call it super busy. Lord Willing, if all of the plans work out, it will be another wonderful month. And a great way to end 2024. I'm looking forward to 2025 already. But I'll wait patiently for its arrival...LOL I'm in no rush to get to the future. I'm enjoying the moment way too much...hehehe That's probably why this year hasn't gone by fast for me...hehehe

I avoided watching television tonight. Well, except I did watch this week's *The Chosen* episode again. But I do that to get my mind prepared for doing each night's session of the lesson. Other than that, no other TV was watched...hehehe I typically at least watch something while I have my supper. But I didn't even do that tonight.

Speaking of supper, today is Taco Tuesday...hehehe I did something new this week. I modified my shrimp taco recipe that I created from some tacos I've had at Disney World. These were truly my own this time. They turned out fantastic. I made a breading from corn meal and some seasonings I use for my chicken tacos. Except I went with cayenne instead of chipotle and added chili. I think I'll do chipotle next time, though. Cayenne isn't as spicy as chipotle. Regardless, I did enjoy the tacos very much. On Thursday, I'm going to use cod for fish tacos for the first time. I've only ever used tilapia for fish tacos. So I'm excited! I'll use my air fryer option of my multi-cooker to cook the fish.

I didn't take any walks today. I did go out briefly to take a bag of garbage to the dumpster. But I don't really count that as exercise...hehehe My path didn't take me on walks. No other reason. It will be bitterly cold tonight tomorrow and tomorrow morning. It will be near freezing; literally. There will likely be frost forming in places. I still hope to get out for walks tomorrow, though.

Due to the drop in temperature, I turned my heat on...LOL I'm glad to say that it is working fine so far this season. The first winter I was here, I only turned it on to make sure it was working. It worked, but I didn't actually use it that winter. Well, last winter, I decided I actually needed to use it. I had already lost a lot of weight and didn't have as much body insulation, if you know what I mean...LOL When I first turned it on last winter, though, it wasn't working. Apparently some wiring had come loose and the heating element wasn't getting hot. They quickly fixed it though. Today, it worked just fine. Hopefully I won't need to run it often this winter...hehehe But then again, I've lost weight since last winter. So, even less insulation in my body this winter...LOL

I don't mind the cold down here so much. I do like to bundle up or wear extra clothing. It's like a warm hug...hehehe I didn't like the cold up in Indiana, though. I think the different climates feel different for the cold and heat. How I feel might be different now. My body reacts differently than it used to. Between my weight loss and my diet and exercise changes, my body is completely different than it has been most of my adult life. Perhaps I'll be handle Indiana cold better now? LOL

I'm going to need my first haircut in over four and half years soon. I also need to get a new beard and face trimmer. I need a clothes steamer too. I hope to take care of all three this week...hehehe I may need to make a grocery trip tomorrow too. It will be weird to have these extra errands this week. But it will be like a little adventure. Plus, I'm thinking about going to the *First Wednesday* service at church tomorrow night. Will my path take me to all of these things as the week progresses? We shall see...hehehe

I can't stop thinking about how excited I am for this short story project...LOL It didn't even exist a month ago. Now it has the first draft of two of the stories. Several other stories have topics at least on a list. And it has inspired a secondary project that I'm planning to start this month. The title of the short story I finished tonight is *Sunrise*. I am feeling a sunrise of sorts coming for a new season of writing in the coming year. I wasn't expecting this. And I'm glad it is coming <3