# TBD

In our Bible study last week, the first *Your Turn* question was *What new thing are you afraid Jesus might lead you to?* I had two answers. One was about me being alone. For nearly three years, I have lived alone. I've also had friends and family nearby come and go in that time. And at the moment, I have no family or friends nearby whatsoever.

For all but these recent years, I've always had someone. And for many of those years, I was taking care of people in some manner. So, these past few years have been quite an adjustment for me. There were a couple of times when loneliness set in and I was borderline depressed. When I wrote that part of my answer, it was in the spirit of being afraid that I was being led to a life of solitude in so much as living with no one and having no one nearby to be around. God has given me the means to go to people; which I gladly do. I'm grateful for the privilege of having the resources to go to family and friends where they are.

I wrote that answer a week ago. Since then, I've been able to process it. Plus I was able to discuss it with Cherie yesterday in our fellowship time. That leads to me talking about it today...hehehe Writing it, meditating on it, and then discussing it has weakened my fear of it. The fear is still there. But the process the Bible study has taken me through this past week has led me to giving it over to God.

The main point of the message at theChapel last Wednesday was *Jesus only transforms what is transferred to Him.* I'll not rehash the full message, but my take away was that when I hold on to such things as my fear, I'm not allowing Jesus to transform it. For this particular fear, I'm in the process of transferring it to God. Being alone most of the time is something new for me. So, I honestly didn't know I was holding so tightly to this fear. Sometimes we need to be taken to a higher level of view to see such things from new perspectives.

Plus, bringing in an accountability partner can offer better perspectives. Cherie said a few things yesterday that sparked some new thoughts. She didn't actually tell me this, but I began thinking about it because of what she did say. I've chosen this life. I was running away from something when I moved to Florida. This circumstance is somewhat of my own doing. God has allowed it and He is teaching me things through it. But it isn't something that is happening *to* me. It's happening *because of* me. That's okay, by the way...hehehe

One of the things she said was that part of apartment living comes with people coming and going from our lives. There isn't a commitment to staying put. There is typically an annual choice to stay or to leave. Although I knew this, I hadn't really given it much thought until she said apartment living lends itself to the coming and going of people. Having her perspective opened my mind wide open...hehehe I believe she was referring to my recent challenge of having made some new friends this year here at my complex who all moved away at the same exact time last month...hehehe I'm glad she brought up the reality of people coming and going as part of the apartment lifestyle. That's what sparked my thoughts about how I pretty much chose this...hehehe

To be clear, *she* did not tell *me* I chose this...hehehe That is my own thought for the moment. This journal is *So, I was thinking...* It isn't *So, this is what I was told...* LOL She is one who asks clarifying questions and a lot of what she says can bring about insight into certain things. She is a sweet, kind soul who does not project her own thoughts and feelings onto me. She wasn't telling me how I should feel or what to think...hehehe I wanted to make that quite clear. And her kindness, questions, and insight are one of the many reasons I feel blessed to have her in my life. Our fellowship has helped me grow. And part of that comes from our discussing such things as what the devotionals and Bible study inspired this year <3

Regardless of my choosing to move to Florida, a lot of wonderful things have happened because of my move here. So, I'll not allow this one fear to erase all of the blessings God has given me along this part of my journey. Some of what I have already learned through this experience could not have been learned in any other manner, actually. I'm going to embrace being alone for what it actually is. For one, it's an opportunity for God to place me in the paths of people whom I wouldn't have ever met otherwise. I can think of a few instances of that from Saturday alone! I posted a photo of some origami that Maya gave me after my dining experience Saturday evening. I would not have met her had I not been alone <3

Side note 1: I'm not completely alone. Thanks to technology, I stay in contact with my closets friends, my parents, and my grandma. Plus, I still have a few people I regularly engage with on social media. I also joined a couple of Facebook groups last week that are for Disney bounding and Dapper. I think I'll try to do better about paying attention to things I'm interested in on social media and perhaps connect with new friends that way. That's how I met some of my closest friends I have now...hehehe

Side note 2: I'm not lonely. My being alone is merely a fact of no one I know personally being physically around most of the time. God has placed amazing people in my life that keep me engaged. I'm not sure isolation will ever actually set in. It is simply a fear I have. Talking about it and processing it has been a huge help! I'm grateful this topic emerged for me last week...hehehe

Side note 3: LOL Enough with the side notes already! jk hehehe This is the most important of the three side notes...LOL God is always with me. I'm never truly alone. This adds to my gratitude about the topic emerging. It was a wonderful reminder of God. I asked Him to helping me learn more about Him. This process has been one of the many answers to such a prayer <3

