# TBD

Last year, I embarked on an adventure to find out who *Greg* is. I searched in a lot of wrong places to find myself...hehehe I did some meetups that I thought were fun in the moment. But later realized they weren't so healthy for who I was...LOL At least I discovered something I didn't like doing. You live and you learn, right?!?

Well, I didn't actually find out much about myself at first. I'd say, I learned more about who God is in my life. I definitely see that as a good thing. He put up some guardrails in my path to keep me from straying too far with the groups I was meeting up with last year...hehehe I eventually got burned out from my search. By October last year, I decided I didn't need to find out who *Greg* is. I needed to find out who *God* is.

Having had some amazing experiences learning more about God last year, I decided I would focus solely on finding out more about who God is this year. It all began as a commitment to making God my priority when I woke up each day. That daily focus then led to doing personal devotionals and a Bible in a Year reading plan. And those led me to a fellowship of doing devotionals, and now a Bible study, with Cherie. In the process of learning about God, I actually found out a lot about myself.

I find it amazing how when I was looking for myself last year, I found God. When I was looking for God this year, I found me...hehehe You see, the devotionals and Bible study are showing me who I am in God's Kingdom. You might say I was lost, but now I'm found...LOL I found my purpose. That is to praise and glorify God. Seeking Him first has now led me to the answer for that question I had nearly 2 years ago...who is *Greg*? Or to put it another way, *Who's is Greg?* I am God's...my identity is in God.

I haven't been writing so much about what I've been doing lately. I would like to get back to doing that. I seem to have seasons of thinking and writing deep thoughts. While other seasons are more laid back and describe my life as it is happening. What I've been doing lately is meditating on my year. This is the last month of the year, after all...hehehe

Aside from being in deep thought, I've been on a few adventures lately. I just haven't written much about them. I'm not sure if I'll get around to writing about everything. I'm a little sad about that. But I'm also excited about all deep thinking. This has been the best year of my life. So, I have so much to think about.

I started off the year with a goal to finish writing my first official book. Even as I type, I'm looking at the Daruma doll I bought in the Japan pavilion at EPCOT last year as a *good luck charm* of sorts. Per tradition, I colored in its left eye. If the wish I made came true this year, I was to color in its right eye. My wish was to finish my first book...LOL I will not be coloring in that right eye...LOL

I'm chuckling to myself literally as I think about how that's okay. You see, I'm actually finishing the year with a few new writing projects starting up. I'll not finish any of them before the end of the year. But I'm already on a good pace to have a book or two to publish in 2025. But this time, I'm taking my time and chipping away at them little by little. Instead of setting a goal, I'm simply doing what I can in the moments I can work on them. As a result, I've actually made significant progress. Even that book I had planned to finish this year might actually get finished...LOL Just not *this* year...LOL

The original project has evolved into something else entirely, though. So, that idea that I set a goal of to finish this year isn't anything like it was a year ago. There are still pieces of its DNA in there. But I think I like what it is becoming more so than what it was originally. I can't complain about that, now can I?!?

