# TBD

Wow! I haven't been writing much here in this journal this month...LOL Sure, I've been a little busier than normal. But not so busy that I didn't have time to write. I've actually had plenty of things to write about. But I doubt I'll get around to writing about it all. Hopefully I'll get better about that in the new year...hehehe I'm happy I wrote all that I have this year. Especially considering this is the first year I've actively journaled in so long...LOL

That said, something on my mind today is how I've had a lot of amazing experiences recently; which is why I wish I had written it all down along the way. I've shared with my closest friends and family bits and pieces of those experiences. I'm glad I at least did that.

This past Friday, I had the opportunity to spend time with my sister and her husband. They had a weekend of Disney planned. I did not originally have a Disney day planned for Friday. I was supposed to be there the previous Sunday. That didn't work out. So, I took the opportunity to plan my day on Friday. When my sister and I started to chat about it, we realized we would be able to meet up.

They caught up with me at Animal Kingdom. I had arrived there at *rope drop*. I was all dappered up with the outfit I had planned for the Dapper Day that was the previous Sunday. It wasn't my best outfit. But I still loved it. Especially the shades of green. I felt it matched Animal Kingdom well for what it was. The hat was the main point of the outfit, actually. It is a Greek sponge boat captain's hat...hehehe Not exactly an Animal Kingdom themed. But it feels like an adventurer's hat, nonetheless.

By the time they got there, I had pretty much completed all that I was there for. So, we were able to do some things they wanted to do. It was fun! After that, we moved over to EPCOT to finish the rest of our time together. We had a lovely lunch at Coral Reef. We walked around the World Showcase. We briefly saw a few of the holiday presentations they have in the countries. Although, it was difficult to hear the presentations.

After Disney, I took off my dapper clothes and drove to the airport. I flew up to Indiana for a weekend trip. It was difficult to plan time for Indiana this year because of work. As it turned out, work has been going well. I probably could have gone with my original hope and spent a few weeks up there. Well, I live and learn, right...LOL Anyway, it was a nice weekend and I was able to spend quality time with Malachi.

I was also able to see my parents, my brother and his family, my grandma, one of her sisters, and Malachi's mom. Overall, it was a pleasant weekend. I'm definitely glad I was able to go.

I was able to get about 8 hours of sleep last night. My tracker says 7 and a half. I did toss and turn most of the night. Perhaps that's where the half hour went...LOL I had a lot of dreams. And I got up a few times to go to the bathroom. I needed the rest last night. I was so tired all day yesterday. I'm not really sure why. But I'm glad I went to bed early last night and was able to rest, for the most part, for the full 8 hours I set my white noise app for.

I'm doing a lot of thinking and praying. Part of that is because of the Bible studies. They have been invoking my mind quite a bit lately. We are doing lesson 1 for the second season of *The Chosen* this week. Right out of the gate, it has gotten me thinking and praying about my life...hehehe I really like this process. It isn't easy. But wow! I sure has been a blessing.

I never go into details here on my public journal. Most of the thoughts the Bible studies and devotionals have provoked aren't something to publicly discuss. But my private notes keep getting more detailed. I really like having that outlet for such things. None of it is anything bad. It's just private stuff...hehehe

I was given the opportunity to travel to Indiana again this weekend. I decided to make this trip a surprise. As of now, only 2 other people know about it. And they only know it because they are directly impacted by it...hehehe Everyone else, including my son, haven't a clue I'll be visiting. I'm looking forward to spending more time with Malachi. And it so happens I'll also be able to attend a few family gathers as well. I'm grateful I'll have a little holiday with family after all.

