# TBD

## 08:50am

Good morning journal! Happy Wednesday!!! Only a week away from Christmas! I wouldn't say I'm more excited this year than in years past. I'm typically excited for Christmas each year...hehehe There have been a few Christmases I didn't love. But overall, it is one of my favorite days of the year. So, I'm just as excited this year as most years!!!

This year, it will be different. For the first time in all my life, I will not be in Indiana that day. Even when I lived in Illinois for 4 years, I was still in Indiana with family on Christmas day. I'm not sad about this. I'm actually pretty excited to be doing something new this year!

I'll be going to Disney World! I've heard it is the busiest day of the year for Disney World. I guess I'll see for myself this year...LOL I'm basically setting my expectations to simply enjoy it for what it is. If it is extremely busy, I can't expect it to be anything like I would typically experience when I go to the parks. Of course, I'll be dressing up. So that'll make it fun!

My theme for my outfit is more like the Dapper Dans. I may even try to get a photo with them if I can...hehehe I wonder if I'll get a lot of folks asking me Cast directed questions throughout the day...LOL I kinda hope I do get a lot of that this time. I don't really like getting a lot of attention. I dress up because it helps me be myself. But the attention I get isn't what I'm after. On Christmas, though, I think it would be fun. I'll be Disney Miser..LOL Maybe I should come up with a theme song! LOL j/k

