# TBD

## 07:55am

Another day to thank the Lord. Every day is a gift. Every sleep is God renewing my body for another day. My gratitude continues to grow.

Last night I was blessed with a precious gift. This was on top of the gift my friendship with Cherie already is. She expressed the friendship further through a poem she has written for me. It is published through The Unsealed community. You can read [Garden of Memories](https://theunsealed.com/activity/p/25379/) to see for yourself. I'm grateful for the friendship that inspired the words. We continue to plant seeds and water the garden of this friendship. And God is the One who makes it grow. It's a beautiful garden that I cherish very much. Tending to this garden with my deer friend has been one of the most best experiences of my life.

## 08:40am

Well, I was blessed again this morning. Tyrese shared with me that she had an *awesome dream* about Animal Kingdom last night. She told me it was solely based on things she'd seen through my eyes <3

I don't often share my experiences on social media. I toss out little bits here and there of things I'd like to share from time to time. But privately, I quite often share my experiences with my closest friends. Some of the photos and video clips are to a an individual as they are inspired by that person. However, I also have several things that I capture for myself and then share with multiple people like Cherie, Tyrese, and Dan.

I'm glad I am able to do that. It is not only a blessing for them, it is also a blessing for me to have friends to share with. I'm physically alone most of the time. God has been showing me that I'm never truly alone, though. He is always with me. And he has also provided some close friends I can share moments with through technology. I'm learning to let go of the physical presence of people. It has been rough this year dealing with that. But I'm grateful for the peace God is growing in my heart. I wrote about this topic in my Bible study notes this week. It's something God is healing me with. What once was a burden is becoming a blessing <3

## 09:25am

I'm not sure if I talked about the healing in my Bible study notes. I may need to revise my notes if I did not. I'll be sure and have a look at that tonight...hehehe Part of that question was about what deeper need did something I lack expose. In the process of exposing that deeper need, healing has taken place. God's process is so beautiful to me. I sometimes talk about the circumstances as I answer the questions from the devotionals and Bible studies. I hope I also talk about the healing God is doing. The questions don't always ask about that part and I feel like sometimes I may not talk about it all as a result...hehehe

It's kind of interesting how not everything I say or write fully conveys what is in my heart. I do not intentionally leave out details. Sometimes I think I've included the details I leave out. That's because I have given it all sorts of thought. Later, I realize they were just thoughts that I didn't write down or say...LOL It's as if I have had the conversation in my head but not in real life. Having it in my head gives me the false illusion that I had the conversation. I hope to get better at this. I'm growing and learning how to communicate better. It's a process. I'm making progress...hehehe

