# TBD

I've been doing a certain task for months now. It's one of those things I've never really done previously but had a sudden urge to do this year. It seemed like it was the Spirit nudging me to do it...hehehe At first, and for a while, I thought it was one of those things to teach me humility. Although humility was something I learned in the process, I'm not so sure that was the point.

It all began when I watched *Jesus Revolution*. The film itself was pretty good. But nothing I hadn't seen before as far as a wholesome Christian message is concerned. But I later found out that the church Chuck Smith was a part of was still around. One of the branches from the movement was the church Cherie was going to earlier this year. And the one she went to back when she first went to church. So, it was the first one we attended together in our fellowship.

In one of the messages I heard at the church, they made mention of Chuck having a servant heart. One story that was told was when he unclogged a toilet with his bear hand. He didn't call for anyone else to take care of it. He saw a need and simply took care of it himself in the moment. This inspired me. No, I don't unclog toilets with my bear hands. But the task I've been doing does require a certain level of servanthood and a good washing of the hands afterward...hehehe As I go around walking the property of my apartment complex, I pick up trash I see and toss it in the waste receptacles throughout.

For the longest time, I really thought it was about learning humility. And again, that did happen. But as I continued to do it throughout the year, it became much more than that. Like Chuck, I saw a need that I could simply take care of myself. What started as something simple has turned into more of a passion. I sometimes grumble when I do it. But I quickly remember there is a point to all of this...LOL

As time went on, I started to think about how it all began. It began with obedience. I wouldn't go so far as to label it a calling. Although it may have a ripple effect, it has a direct impact on just me. So, what I'd say is that it was a simple message to plant seeds. The garden I'm tending isn't my own. But it is God's. I see it as him asking me to take care of a little thing so that others can take care of the things he's asking them to do.

I highly doubt anyone even knows I'm doing it. I can imagine someone has seen me do it a time or two. I don't really care. I'd rather no one knows. But if I were to report trash on the property instead of just picking it up, it would either never get picked up or the maintenance crews would be busy doing that instead of working on real issues. I also have concerns for the wildlife. I don't want this garbage getting into their food chain. We are the stewards of the world. But they have to live in it too...LOL

So, why am I talking about this now? On my walk today, I got to thinking about all the lessons this has taught me. Humility and obedience are just two of them. It has also taught me about generosity. As I've been doing something no one asked me to do, and I receive no credit for, it has become easier to give other resources without thinking about it's impact on just me. Yes, money is one of those resources. But other things as well. Like a listening ear or shoulder to cry on. And my most valuable resource, time! LOL I stopped looking at my watch when someone asks me for some of my time.

