# TBD

## 07:45am

I'm surprised I'm functioning as well as I am this morning...LOL Yesterday, I went all day on 5 hours sleep...LOL I went to bed early on Christmas Eve knowing I'd want to wake early yesterday. I did wake early. But much earlier than I had planned. I was able to get ready for my day, while doing my normal routine, without rushing. And when I was ready, I actually had time to relax before hitting the road.

I went to Disney yesterday. I'm thinking about doing a second journal entry today just for that. I didn't get around to journaling about Thanksgiving. But I would like to document my Christmas. Especially since it was my first Disney Christmas. With Thanksgiving, I have done Disney several times now...hehehe

But just in case I don't journal that experience, I'll go ahead and mention that I arrived at the TTC (Magic Kingdom parking lot) around 7:30am. I went all day and didn't leave the TTC to head home until around 9:30pm. I did 3 of the 4 WDW theme parks. And it was pretty much non-stop all day. The exceptions were the hour for lunch and the hour for the Candlelight Processional. That's 14 hours of go go go after only 5 hours sleep...LOL

Yet, here I am, functioning today after a typical night sleep...hehehe Just goes to show you how God has been healing my body, soul, and mind these past few years. I actually had enough energy to keep going last night. But I knew I had to work today...LOL

God is good! His loving kindness endures forever. AMEN!

## 09:15am

I ordered Joffrey's...hehehe It has actually been a while since I've ordered their coffee. I took a break from them to try the beans available through Sprouts. So for a few months now, I've been getting my coffee from Sprouts. My parents gave me some Joffrey's for Christmas. I had forgotten just how much better Joffrey's is...hehehe

What my parents got was through Amazon. So the beans were probably roasted earlier this year. It was a Disney themed blend and flavor from St Patrick's Day. I had that one back in March and loved it. It is just as good as I remember. It didn't taste old. The problem with the Sprouts beans is that I imagine they were roasted long ago. I've never actually seen anyone else get their coffee from the bulk section. I wonder how long those beans have been sitting in those bins...LOL The taste tells me it is likely quite a while.

I've missed having the Sumatra beans from Joffrey's. So, I order that again. I also ordered a gingerbread themed flavor that is new this year. And I went with an African blend for a third option. It will be nice to have a variety again...hehehe When I order directly, they roast to order. It will take a few weeks to get them. But they'll be fresh roasted; which makes it all taste so much better than store bought...LOL I may need to get a little more from Sprouts before the order arrives, though. I'm not sure I have enough to make it a few weeks...LOL

I originally planned to go to Disney for NYE again this year. I'm on the fence about it, now. I haven't canceled my park reservations yet. I was thinking about staying in a hotel that night and enjoying the parks both days. I did decide not to take NYE off. I'm hoping to still get a half day like I did for Christmas Eve. But I may not go to WDW as originally planned. I'll want to decide soon, though. I'd like to free up the reservations. Although, that doesn't seem to matter so much at WDW. They don't care if you don't show up...LOL They are more lax about it than DLR is...LOL

I'm thinking I'd like to relax as this year comes to a close and the new year begins. New Year being on January first no longer has the same meaning to me. This year, I adopted the concept of my personal New Year being on my birthday. That'll be on March 20th. I'll probably do something special around that time. I have been doing that for a few years now. And now, the day has more meaning as my personal New Year's Day...hehehe

That said, I'll still stay up until 12am to ring in the *new year*. I am also thinking about saying up until 3am to ring in California's *new year*...hehehe

