# TBD

Happy FriYAY!!! It's the last Friday of 2024. I'm really happy about the year. And I'm not sad it is coming to a close. Lord willing, 2025 will be here next week. I'm excited to continue this journey <3

I do not have a formal process for deciding what my goals are each year. I haven't ever really made New Year's resolutions or anything. But I do informally make some goals and themes for each year now; after my 2021 renaissance. 2022 was a year of escape. 2023 was a year of health and self-discovery with some self-awareness. 2024 has been a year of faith, hope, love and reconnecting with God. 2025...well, I believe I have settled in on simplicity and minimalism.

I attempted to be minimalistic at the end of 2021. But over the last few years, I tended to bring complexity back to my life...hehehe That's easy to do...LOL I hope to give simplicity a try again in 2025.  For a little while, I've been thinking and praying about what the theme for this coming year might be. This morning, it came to me.

This is an informal goal really. I'll make some plans to put this into action. But since the theme is *simplicity* and *minimalism*, I'm not going to over complicate this with a strategic plan...LOL I'll take small steps as I go along and see what happens throughout the year. And I'll leave plenty of room for flexibility <3

Most of this year was unplanned and unexpected. Through the process God has been taking me through these past 3 years, I've learned that if I seek comfort and validation from people, places, and things not meant for me, I might never be satisfied with my life. When I wait and hope for what is meant for me, comfort and validation often comes from unexpected people, places, and things.

So, I'm setting the *simple* goal of keeping things simple in 2025...LOL I'll likely do little goals to achieve that which support the idea each month. I'll start off with at least one thing each month. But I'll leave room for more if the spirit leads. I think for January, I'll start off with finding something in my home to remove. I may start with the extra desks I'm not using. For now, I may just put them in my storage garage. At the moment, all they're doing is taking up space and provide a spot to dump things...LOL After that, I'll find something else each month to remove. I'm sure I can find 12 or more things to take out of my living space...LOL

Beyond that, I may find other things to simplify. Removing things from the home is more about becoming minimal. There are other things I can do to also simplify. I've already started doing that with my food. And I've canceled most of my TV streaming services. Just like when I started the process of growing closer to God through a daily walk with him in October 2023, and it spilled into this year, I've kind of done the same this year. I started to simplify already and I'm just carrying that momentum into 2025.

As I said, this will not be anything formal. Just small sustainable changes that will lead to new habits. And those new habits will lead into a changed lifestyle. Plus removing unnecessary things from my home will de-clutter the space I live in. If all goes well, I'll have a simpler and more minimal life a year from now.

