# TBD

This has been a rough day...LOL I actually mean that in a good way...LOL Sounds funny to say that. But something I've learned is that even bad things are good if they lead me to the good; which bad things always seem to do...LOL Okay, that may seem a little dramatic. But it's how I feel today.

Once again, I'm recovering from the food I ate in Indiana. It would seem my body is much more sensitive than it used to be because I'm finally eating actual healthy foods for the first time in my life. It's as if a have these little demons inside me that are starving. When I eat something bad, they get their energy back and start to wage war on my body...LOL A small cheat every once in a while doesn't seem to impact me. But a weekend in Indiana where all of the meals are bad...well, brace me for impact...LOL

Although I knew I wasn't feeling well, I still ate popcorn at the movies. It's just something I typically do and don't think about it. After today, I'm going to start thinking long and hard about it and tell my craving *nooooooooo*...LOL Back in January, I finally broke my sweet tooth. So I don't have any candy at the movies anymore. I need to cut popcorn out...even the healthy stuff I make myself at home. I need to break the craving so I don't get tempted at the movies. Or at least, I need to pay attention to the way out of that temptation when it comes a knockin'...LOL

This has been affecting my sleep as well. I keep having weird dreams. And last night, my right foot gave me all kinds of trouble. The pain I feel seems to be in joints and muscle. I also get the pain in my back. I've narrowed it down to the food I ate in Indiana. Some might think I'm crazy. But I've been listening to my body pretty closely for almost 2 years now. It is screaming and pointing at that food...LOL

But that bad thing is leading me to something good. Having identified food being such an important part of my journey now, I'll be sure to make it a point to do some grocery shopping when I travel to Indiana. Or anywhere for that matter. Or at least stick to safe foods at gatherings and restaurants. I can't allow bad food beyond the occasional cheat. Perhaps I should also stop the cheat idea too. I'm happy with my body now and how it is recovering from years of abuse. I want to stop allowing setbacks for the sake of convenience.

Another rough part of my day was with social media...LOL My Facebook post in the Disney Bounding group about my *Dapper Dan* attire from Christmas Day has been getting a lot of attention. It's mostly positive attention. But you know how the negative seems to grab ones attention most...yeah...there have been a few comments that I keep overthinking about...hehehe I'm trying not to think about them. But here I am journaling about it...LOL

As of writing this sentence, there are 812 reactions and 35 comments on that post...LOL The numbers keep rising. The time I check before that (about 30 minutes ago), the reaction count was in the 700s. And I posted it early Thursday morning...LOL Most of the comments have been encouraging. There are a few, though, that criticize how closely I look like an actual Dapper Dan. There was even a debate as to why Disney Cast didn't prevent me from entering the parks. One comment called me out as *crossing a thin line*...yeah, that one hurt. My intent was to have fun. I wasn't trying to push any sort of boundary or challenge a dress code.

I definitely see their point. This outfit turned out so well, it looks like an actual Disney costume. In a way, I take those negative comments as compliments that I did a really good job at looking like a Dapper Dan...LOL During the debate thread, one of the moderators pointed out to the others that the actual Dapper Dans look completely different. So, I was still in the grey area of bounding. The Dans always use striped vests and bright pants. My vest was plaid and the pants were dark. So, although I looked like I was in costume, I wasn't as close a match for a Dapper Dan as some thought was crossing the line.

A few good things come from this. The first being that I'll be much more aware about how things look before I go to the parks looking like I'm in a costume that too closely resembles something Disney is doing. Dapper will always lend itself to being presuming I'm Cast. I can't get around that. But I don't like how *grey area* this particular outfit is. I'll keep that in mind in the future.

Another good thing about this is I can learn that I can take the negative comments as compliments. At least these particular ones. I was just sharing something I did like everyone else would. But I don't have to allow negative feedback to bother me so much. I won't ignore the comments. I need criticism, even if it isn't constructive. All of this will help with my self-awareness.

