# Rough Day, In a Good Way

This has been a rough day...LOL I actually mean that in a good way...LOL Sounds funny to say that. But something I've learned is that even bad things are good if they lead me to the good; which bad things always seem to do...LOL Okay, that may seem a little dramatic. But it's how I feel today.

Once again, I'm recovering from the food I ate in Indiana. It would seem my body is much more sensitive than it used to be because I'm finally eating actual healthy foods for the first time in my life. It's as if a have these little demons inside me that are starving. When I eat something bad, they get their energy back and start to wage war on my body...LOL A small cheat every once in a while doesn't seem to impact me. But a weekend in Indiana where all of the meals are bad...well, brace me for impact...LOL

Although I knew I wasn't feeling well, I still ate popcorn at the movies. It's just something I typically do and don't think about it. After today, I'm going to start thinking long and hard about it and tell my craving *nooooooooo*...LOL Back in January, I finally broke my sweet tooth. So I don't have any candy at the movies anymore. I need to cut popcorn out...even the healthy stuff I make myself at home. I need to break the craving so I don't get tempted at the movies. Or at least, I need to pay attention to the way out of that temptation when it comes a knockin'...LOL

This has been affecting my sleep as well. I keep having weird dreams. And last night, my right foot gave me all kinds of trouble. The pain I feel seems to be in joints and muscle. I also get the pain in my back. I've narrowed it down to the food I ate in Indiana. Some might think I'm crazy. But I've been listening to my body pretty closely for almost 2 years now. It is screaming and pointing at that food...LOL

But that bad thing is leading me to something good. Having identified food being such an important part of my journey now, I'll be sure to make it a point to do some grocery shopping when I travel to Indiana. Or anywhere for that matter. Or at least stick to safe foods at gatherings and restaurants. I can't allow bad food beyond the occasional cheat. Perhaps I should also stop the cheat idea too. I'm happy with my body now and how it is recovering from years of abuse. I want to stop allowing setbacks for the sake of convenience.

Another rough part of my day was with social media...LOL My Facebook post in the Disney Bounding group about my *Dapper Dan* attire from Christmas Day has been getting a lot of attention. It's mostly positive attention. But you know how the negative seems to grab ones attention most...yeah...there have been a few comments that I keep overthinking about...hehehe I'm trying not to think about them. But here I am journaling about it...LOL

As of writing this sentence, there are 812 reactions and 35 comments on that post...LOL The numbers keep rising. The time I checked before that (about 30 minutes ago), the reaction count was in the 700s. And I posted it early Thursday morning...LOL Most of the comments have been encouraging. There are a few, though, that criticize how closely I look like an actual Dapper Dan. There was even a debate as to why Disney Cast didn't prevent me from entering the parks. One comment called me out as *crossing a thin line*...yeah, that one hurt. My intent was to have fun. I wasn't trying to push any sort of boundary or challenge a dress code.

I definitely see their point. This outfit turned out so well, it looks like an actual Disney costume. In a way, I take those negative comments as compliments that I did a really good job at looking like a Dapper Dan...LOL During the debate thread, one of the *Top contributor*s pointed out to the others that the actual Dapper Dans look completely different. So, I was still in the grey area of bounding. The Dans always use striped vests and bright pants. My vest was plaid and the pants were dark. So, although I looked like I was in costume, I wasn't as close a match for a Dapper Dan as some thought was crossing the line.

A few good things come from this. The first being that I'll be much more aware about how things look before I go to the parks looking like I'm in a costume that too closely resembles something Disney is doing. Dapper will always lend itself to people presuming I'm Cast. I can't get around that. But I don't like how *grey area* this particular outfit is. I'll keep that in mind in the future.

Another good thing about this is I can learn that I can take the negative comments as compliments. At least these particular ones. I was just sharing something I did like everyone else would. But I don't have to allow negative feedback to bother me so much. I won't ignore the comments. I need criticism, even if it isn't constructive. All of this will help with my self-awareness.

I'm looking forward to *Mufasa: The Lion King* coming to Disney+. I think the above impacted my enjoyment of being at the theatre. By the way, I spell theater as *theatre* because I like the original spelling better. I sometimes do that with favourite as well...hehehe And I did that with *grey* early in this entry...LOL I'm like the worst American ever, I know...LOL I'm not even sure how I feel about *American* since that technically covers the people of two continents and several nations. What should we call those of us from the United States of America?

Wow...I digressed like nobody's business...LOL The movie was probably pretty good. I had trouble staying in the moment, though. I went into it with too much on my mind. I sometimes watch movies to escape my thoughts. I couldn't do that today. I haven't been able to get out of my head all day...LOL I even watched another movie at home. It was probably a good one. It was a new one I hadn't seen. But I'll have to watch it again too...LOL

So, now I'm journaling. This is helping so much. I should have journaled first thing this morning instead...LOL I did do my Bible study this morning, though. And that went really well. Studying the Word of God is amazing! And writing out my thoughts is amazing! That is why I said in the beginning that I meant I had a rough day in a good way. The growth I've experienced these last 3 years...especially the growth this year...has helped me cope with days like this. I didn't even need to talk to anyone about how I was feeling. Other than God, that is. In the past, I would have been on the phone or texting someone for support. I didn't need that today.

One bad thing about today, though, is that I wasn't nearly as chatty as I normally am. I've sent a few texts today. But I haven't really engaged with anyone. I wasn't trying to avoid talking. I just didn't have much to say today...LOL Aside from this journal entry, that is. I suppose *bad* is the wrong word. I was just quiet is all. I wasn't sad or depressed. Just quiet...hehehe

Just for fun, I checked...up to 827 reactions and 38 comments now...hehehe

I think I may spend the rest of the evening working on one of my creative writing works. I may start the fourth short story in the one project and define some characters for my newest project...hehehe

Okay...I'm about to publish this entry. Let's see how that Facebook post is doing now...LOL 838 reactions and 39 comments. That latest comment was not a positive one...LOL But I laugh at it...because the person seems like a *Karen*. They responded to that kind soul who was trying to explain how my outfit wasn't exactly like the real Dapper Dans. She wasn't kind back to that poor soul...hehehe