# TBD

Well, we've arrived at the last Sunday of the year...hehehe And it has been a good day <3

I went to theChapel service this morning at the Port Richey (satellite) location. It was a blessed time. Worship was okay (still too loud...LOL), the message was a compilation of segments from various messages throughout this year, and we partook in communion. It was a good way to finish the year off.

The other day, I mentioned I'd be staying at theChapel through the upcoming prayer and fasting season in January and then moving on. After today's service, I decided I'm moving on now instead. I may still do a prayer and fasting process on my own in January. But I'm going to look for a new church to physically attend. I'm grateful for my time at theChapel. I thought it was over there at the end of June...LOL But I was drawn to the new location for a time. The 3 weeks I went between last month and then the 1 today, though, have given me the closure I didn't even know I needed <3

I really connected with the CUMC service today. There was just something special about it today. The worship and message both spoke to me. It was a comfort, again, I didn't even know I needed <3

I'm feeling so much better today. The pain is far less and I was able to get good sleep last night. My spirits are up as well. And that Facebook post is well over a thousand reactions now...LOL More comments have been made. None of the previously negative comments are even bothering me now. I'm glad I wrote about it last night. It helped clear my head...hehehe

Tomorrow morning, I'll be wrapping up my *Bible in a Year* plan. That's right! After tomorrow morning, I will have read the Bible in its entirety in 2024. Yay!!! It's fun to meet goals...hehehe Especially this one! I've read the entire thing at least once before. But I'll chalk this up as the first time I've really *read* the Bible as a whole. I didn't just do it to say I've read the Bible. The point was to actually read it. Not yet understand it all...but to READ it...hehehe

I haven't yet decided if I'll do it again in 2025. Perhaps I will. But I would like to dive deeper into certain things I clearly didn't understand this year...LOL It will take years of study to ever understand a fraction of the Bible. But that's what the rest of my life is for, right?!? LOL

