# TBD

So, I finally started working on video journaling...hehehe I made this [silly video](https://youtube.com/shorts/p3yoVC4sbEA) and uploaded it to YouTube to see how to add video journals without having them show up in my channel. I don't really use my channel anymore. At one time, I wanted to make videos and have a channel for fun. I never really got into it, though. Now, it's mostly an archive of my old stuff. Well, I didn't want to clog up the list of videos with my journals. Uploading that video helped me see how to do what I wanted. The links should work from here while keeping the channel clear. It's set as unlisted, but not private...hehehe

I next made a real video journal entry. You can see it [here](https://youtu.be/4yZntHjLNvw). With it, my intention was to journal in such a way that I was able to convey how I feel through my voice and body language. I just talked. I felt that typing out how I felt wouldn't express the meaning behind it. So, I'm glad I recorded it as a video. It's raw, of course. It helped with my insecurity of being on camera. I didn't edit it in any way. It is as exactly how I recorded it...hehehe

My insecurity is with my teeth. My mouth is a mess. When I do selfie videos and what not, I keep my mouth closed or position my mouth in such a way as to hide my teeth. When I talk, I sometimes cover my mouth with my hand. I've seen videos of myself where my teeth are visible and I don't like it. I am what I am. I really have nothing to hide. But I'm like any person who has anxiety about a physical flaw. I'm working to overcome that. Doing these video journals is one way I am facing that anxiety.

I'm going to try do some of this in 2025 on a regular basis. But I'll also try to take my random videos of my adventures and piece them together as a journal entry on those days too. Those will be edited. But that's just so I show the best parts of the day. I'll only be *on camera* in those for the video selfies I make. I'm not a vlogger in the sense one would see that on social media these days. The vlogs I'll do will be like this blog. Just your basic *me being me* type thing...hehehe I feel like the world needs more things like this...LOL I love to authentic people and not that stuff that's trying to sell something or be an *influencer*.

Now that I've decided to actually do New Year's Resolutions for 2025, I decided I should make sure I knew what that means. The root word *resolute* is an adjective that means *admirably purposeful, determined, and unwavering*. Based on that, I would say the reason I never made them in the past was definitely fear of failure. I was never unwavering or determined in an admirably purposeful way about most things...LOL It's too bad I felt that way before. But I've also felt that failure is the key to success. It is one of the aspects of growth in life. It's never too late to try something new. So, I don't regret having never made New Year's Resolutions in the past. And I'm glad I'm doing it this year.

So, why I did I have to look up the definition?!? LOL I'd say I'm a pretty smart person. As part of my intelligence, I've learned that I'm often wrong about things...LOL That's mostly because I've look at something in the wrong way...hehehe I feel it is important for me to refresh my knowledge from time to time. I'm always growing and learning new things. Seeing old knowledge with new eyes is important to me. Common sense things remain common in my mind because I keep it fresh. So, while I already knew what a New Year's Resolution is, it was a good exercise to familiarize myself with it again. And to do so with all of the experience I've had in my life. New eyes for a new year...hehehe

I've been unwavering about some things in my life. Being intentional isn't foreign to me. So, I'll be able to apply an intentional spirit to some of my 2025 goals.

I had to put in a service call/work order for my toilet. It has been flushing on its own every 4ish hours or so. There appears to be a small leak in the flap. It wasn't leaking outside the tank. Just slowly draining into the bowl and then triggering the flush. Well, when the maintenance person arrived, they knocked really loudly...LOL It scared the daylights out of me...LOL

I don't know why they knock so loud. They do it every single time I have to put in a work order. It takes a while for me to calm my nerves after. When I knock on someone's door, I do a playful *shave and a haircut* knock in a soft manner. It may or may not startle the person inside. I hope not. But at least it doesn't sound like someone is angry...LOL And sometimes they answer the door with the *two bits* reply knock...hehehe And if there isn't an answer when I knock, I'll knock a little harder a second time with the same *shave and haircut*.

I've watched my journal video a few times now. I realize I need to enunciate a little better. There were a few statements that I either couldn't make out or sounded like the opposite of what I was saying...hehehe Just past half way through the video, I said, *...and I'll continue to put myself out there...*. But it kind of sounded like I *wouldn't continue*...LOL

I noticed YouTube has speech-to-text to get a transcript of the videos. I used a service for that back in 2020 when I briefly did a podcast. After I was done editing, I ran the episodes through the service so I would have a transcript of the episodes along with the audio and video, but for the hearing impaired.

I've considered doing that for my writing so that I could just speak what I wanted to write and could later get it transcribed. I can always edit the transcripts for whatever purpose the text is for...be it for a journal or a book or whatever. That's a best of all worlds idea, really. Kind of like how I now do videos and take screenshots for some of the photos I do. Multiple perspectives of the same moments <3

One very important thing I learned this year was to read the labels...especially the ingredients. Not just of food either. I have been taking a B12 supplement all year. I've always had a deficiency. And no matter how much fish or meat I consume, my body never seems to have enough. But my problem isn't so bad that I would need the shot they have for that.

Well, back in January, I ordered a year's supply. Since the time to reorder is coming up, I took a look at my supply. I hadn't read the label until now...LOL Yep, I'm not ever buying that product again...LOL Besides the synthetic B12 source, there is a long list of other ingredients. Including the sweetener *Sucralose*! My jaw dropped like the Minion who says *wwwhhhaaattt?!?* First of all, why does a supplement like a B12 pill need to be sweetened?!? LOL Secondly, enough of this zero sugar, zero calorie, no artificial flavors and colors marketing...LOL Especially for a pill...LOL The way they make things *healthy* these days is bad...very bad! In no way "healthy".

I quickly found a replacement to order and it should arrive tomorrow. It has the naturally occurring methylcobalamin instead of the synthetic cyanocobalamin that the bad one I've been taking has. I've read that cyanocobalamin isn't actually bad. But I'll take something that naturally occurs over the synthetic. There is also lactose and acacia gum in this pill. Neither of those are a problem for me.

Having just 3 ingredients instead of a *Disney merchandise label* long list of things that plan to kill me is a pleasant change for 2025. It will cost me quite a bit more. But if it prevents future cancer, which will cost me more than dollars, I'm okay paying more.

Sorry for the hyperbole...hehehe I went a little over the top because I was flabbergasted at the thought I've been taking a *healthy* supplement all year that was far from healthy. Not everything is trying to kill me. I'm just more aware of the dangers now and taking steps to do better. I'm learning and I hope to continue improving my health through truly clean means. I'm feeling so much better these days and want to keep that momentum going into 2025.

