# TBD

I was talking with Dan this morning about how I planned to stay home tonight for NYE. This was one of my responses to him...

*My “you only live once” philosophy has become...yeah, I’m only going to live once. So rather than do a whole lot of things, I’m going to do the things that already make me happy. I may find some new things along the way. But today, I’m already happy. Why chase anything else!?! I don’t need things to bring meaning to my life. My life already has meaning. I’m going to bring the meaning to the things I do. This has been a life changer!*

I've said something similar a few times this year, I believe...hehehe

I originally planned to spend the evening at Disney World. I decided it wasn't where I wanted to be tonight after all. As I told that guy on Dapper Day last month, *I'm always right where I am supposed to be.* Tonight, I believe that will be at home...hehehe

I'm glad I've journaled all year. I don't really need to do a recap of the highlights of my year. All of the best things were documented here along the way. There were some things I didn't get around to writing about. Perhaps they weren't as important as the things I did write about? Nah, they were important too...LOL But I'm glad I did write all of the things I did write about. None of it brought meaning to my life. My life already had meaning. I brought the meaning to all that happened this year.

Actually, the truth is, God brought the meaning. He is the author of my life. He is the one who has been blessing me with the people, places, and things of my year...and my entire life. This was the best year of my life. Not because of the events...although so many wonderful memories happened. Not because of circumstances...some did get better, but some got worse. Because I grew as a person, this was my best year ever. I’m grateful for 2024.

Melissa had posted that her 2024 has been a challenge. But she was being optimistic and included a graphic about how the best (friends, moments, songs, days...etc) was ahead of *her*. I posted a reply that said, *All of the best things to come will carry you through the worst things.* She told me that she loved that and it made my heart happy that she did.

Even though the bad and negative seems to get a lot of attention, all of the good things are actually brighter than the bad. Darkness cannot overcome the light. Especially the Light from God. Life is full of bad, negative, and dark things. I'd even go so far as to say there is probably a lot more bad than good from a human perspective. But I've also learned to find God's goodness in all of it.

I've journaled about these things before. Especially in the devotional and Bible study journals. Life really is hard. I'll not deny that. I'll also not deny that God is carrying me through all of those hard things. It brings me great comfort to know he is with me through it all. And I'm so grateful he has given me a spirit and passion to share that comfort with others.

I feel as though I grew more in this one year than all of my years before combined...LOL Linda sent me a DM this morning making mention of how much I've changed this year. It was quite validating to receive that message out of the blue. She lives in Australia. So she and hers are already in 2025...LOL I asked her, *How is 2025!?! Should I keep going into the new year?!? just kidding* LOL That's when she went on about how much I've changed this year. I told her, *From the inside out, I'm going to keep growing. This is only the beginning!*

I'm grateful Cherie accepted my invitation to join me on my journey. Her witnessing and her encouragement this year was beyond validating. What I felt inside my soul she would tell me. That definitely blew some wind in my sails this year. She was witness to things most people will never hear about. But everyone still gets to see the results of that growth because it all happened from the inside out. What she saw happening on the inside is now shining brightly for everyone else to see. Thank you, Cherie, for coming along on my journey and helping to keep me going <3

