# TBD

I'm dealing with sadness today. Normally I wouldn't talk about it. Especially here. I typically draw back into seclusion until it passes. But today, I decided I should talk it out. I'm learning that talking about how I feel seems to help get me through it. Writing in this journal this year has been very helpful. So, let's give this a try, shall we...hehehe

It began on Saturday. I can't really point my finger at anything and identify it as the source of my sadness. I just feel sad. I nearly canceled my plans to go to church yesterday. I was asked to help save someone a seat. He had surgery on his knee last week and knew he wouldn't be able to get to where he wanted to sit quickly. So I volunteered to get to the front row and save him a seat so he could go at his pace getting up there. I didn't want to back out of that just because I was sad. So that's why I went to church yesterday.

Other than that, I wasn't feeling church. In a way, I wish I hadn't gone. I didn't feel this way about tuning into the CCGS stream, though. That experience was a Blessing. I went to a wilderness preserve nearby and watched the service with my windows rolled down. Having the sounds of nature and a nice breeze made for a perfect spiritual moment while I listened to the message. Also, when I arrived at the preserve, I came across some deer eating grass on the side of the road. That was so peaceful. I'm definitely glad God brought me there to see that.

After the CCGS service concluded, I drove to Tarpon Springs to have brunch with friends. It was great seeing them and the food was fantastic. But there was a bad energy there; which is difficult to explain in words. It drained my social battery and I ended up going home after that and took a nap. My sister had invited me to visit with her and her future in-laws. But I just couldn't do it. I feel bad about that. I know myself well enough to know that I would have made myself worse had I gone, though.

After my nap, I went for a walk. I did my usual trek around the community pond near my building. I walked for 2 hours...LOL I walked a bit slow and only went about 4-5 miles in total. I made a phone call while on the walk, talked to one of my neighbors for a bit, and also made some phone calls last night. It was good talking with those folks. It didn't really improve my sadness.

I'm being honest with God about this and telling Him I'm just not okay. I don't want this sadness to lead back into depression again. It seems as though it wasn't all that long ago that I was depressed for a few days. I'm not going to overthink this and won't try to figure out what I'm doing differently that might be causing it. God will meet me where I am. He'll help me through this as He always has.

Although I don't want to die, my current state of being is that I don't want to keep on living. It isn't a suicidal state of mind. It's just an honest sadness that feels no hope for the next moment. It's deeper than a funk but not so deep that I desire to end things myself. It's kind of like if I were to die today, I'm at peace with it. I don't have many days where that is the strongest feeling towards my life. I do have peace most of the time. But it's usually more hope based peace and not so much this sad based peace I feel today, if that makes any sense at all?

I originally slept about 6 hours when I first woke this morning. I did my usual morning devotional and prayer time. After about 30 minutes, I decided I wanted to sleep a bit longer. So I slept another hour and a half. I somewhat want to go back to sleep now...hehehe

Who am I kidding...I'm not going to publish this. It will remain in the history of my repository. But I don't see myself publishing this later today. I may write something else for the day later. But having written out my feelings, I realize the world doesn't need to read this...