# TBD

When I look at what I wrote yesterday, besides a typo or two, I see an incomplete thought. It seems there is more to what I was saying than what I actually said...hehehe On one hand, it seems like a complex idea. On the other, why make it so complicated? Is my overthinking nature getting the best of me? Most likely, yes. But that's okay. The whole point of this journal is to document my journey. Not the destination. Where I am going will be there when I get there. Until then, I can ramble on and on while trying to make sense of everything...HA!

Today, I wrote a little [Read Me](../../read-me) entry to give new visitors to my journal a little guidance into the purpose of the journal and perhaps put some context into how one might read my entries. In the software engineering world, we supply a *read me* file in the root of a code repository to instruct engineers and developers on the purpose of the software, perhaps some documentation, and how one would go about building the project if they were to work on the software themselves. I decided to adopt that concept for this journal for anyone who stumbles upon it or whom I directly share this journal with.

Last week, I mentioned that I might go back through the CCGS Holy Week messages to dive deeper into the events of the week as they played out two thousand years ago. I'm in search of how I can give meaning to it all in my own life in terms of celebrating Easter as a Christian holiday. Well, I haven't yet gone back to review any of the messages. I still hope to soon. But this week has just been the sort of week where my priority is just to survive...hehehe

So many important things have been weighing heavy on my mind and heart this week. Some of it I've written about here. Others are still kept *locked* away in my heart. I use that term loosely here...hehehe I'm not actually locking anything away. I'm actually finding myself with not enough time to write about everything. That's okay. Although I have more time in my day now, I've been keeping busy. I almost need to start scheduling dedicated time boxes for all of the things I want to do. That way I can focus on those things, like writing, in their allotted time. Of course, I'd want to keep the schedule flexible enough for last minute changes and whatnot.

