# TBD

Today's *How You Start Your Day Sets Your Day* devotional really got me thinking. I love when that happens. I ran out of room in the supplied reflection page. So I thought I'd continue writing about it here in my journal...hehehe

It was about slowing down in order to find our joy. Although I do agree with that to a point, I started thinking about what brings me joy and how I find it. I tend to need to slow down to do some self care. But I truly believe I can find joy in every day moments. It doesn't require me to slow down to find the joy. I really just need to be paying attention.

In part of the devotional, it mentions that when the author drives a little slower, he'll begin to notice more about his surroundings. As someone who frequently drives to Disney World, I don't always take the slow route. I take many routes depending on when if I am meeting up with someone or traffic patterns. But I drive each route enough to see new things each time. This is regardless how fast I'm driving. I am just good about paying attention.

I suppose the point I'm making is that the pace by which I'm going through life doesn't have a direct effect on how I find joy. What it takes for me is to find a good balance between the fast pace things I enjoy and the slow paced things I also enjoy. In my reflection notes, I used the analogy of theme park attractions. Comparing a rollercoaster with a slow boat ride, I spoke about how I find joy in both types of attractions.

I leaned into this analogy because I felt it best described how I feel about the pace of life and still being able to find joy.