# TBD

## More Light Required

The message on Sunday at theChapel resonated with me. I've been processing it these last few days to prepare myself to write about it. So many messages I've heard there, or at CCGS lately, seem to be a direct answer to prayer. The message, *More Light Required*, was one such message.

::: details Luke 11:33-36 AMP
> “No one lights a lamp and then puts it in a cellar nor under a basket [hiding the light], but [instead it is put] on the lampstand, so that those who come in may see the light. The eye is the lamp of your body. When your eye is clear [spiritually perceptive, focused on God], your whole body also is full of light [benefiting from God’s precepts]. But when it is bad [spiritually blind], your body also is full of darkness [devoid of God’s word]. Be careful, therefore, that the light that is in you is not darkness. So if your whole body is illuminated, with no dark part, it will be entirely bright [with light], as when the lamp gives you light with its bright rays.”
:::

In his message, Pastor Jason talked about how we can miss something important if we don't have enough light. His analogy used the concept of our mobile phone cameras when attempting to capture a precious moment and how the camera will sometimes notify us that more light is required. The message then applied how Jesus helps how we see other people, our path, and our problems.

> With other *people*, more light is required for discernment.

I have been praying for discernment in all of my relationships. I've even asked a few of my brothers in Christ to help pray for this as well. Over the years, I have had several friends and family members whom I have shared too much about my life with. Not everyone in my life has the same character or spirit as I do. Some will use the information I share and some will simply not even listen...hehehe There are very few who genuinely care for and will love me with the compassion of Christ. So I need to discern who has and hasn't been chosen by God to share my life with. Furthermore, which relationship are worth investing in and which are to be treated more like acquaintances? Not every *friend* is a true friend, after all. I am to love everyone. Not everyone will love me. Likewise, no one needs to earn my love and I do not need to earn theirs. Shining the Light of Jesus on my relationships will help me discern which ones are built on Jesus and which are not. So, *more light [is] required*. If I see His Light in them, that's a pretty good sign, right?!

> With my *path*, more light is required for direction.

This has been another prayer I have focused on this year. Now that I'm back on what I feel is the right path, I want to apply His Word as a *lamp unto my feet and light unto my path* (Ps 119:105). I can clearly see the destination. God's Kingdom is where I want to be and I want to bring as many along with me as I can. But there is so much more to it than that. There is a journey before the destination. I can't just skip ahead and waltz right on into the Kingdom, now can I?!? LOL And honestly, why would I even want that? There are seemingly countless examples of people being used by God in the Bible to bring about His Kingdom here on earth. I want to be a part of *that*! My life isn't even about *me*. It is absolutely about Him. But in order to follow the path God has set before me, *more light [is] required*. It has only been about 18 months that I have been consistent with church again. And just over 6 of those months have included consistency with the Word. My *work in progress, making progress* attitude has afforded me the habit forming abilities needed to remain in the Word on a daily basis. I'm grateful to God for His Strength in this area. Now I need to *keep moving forward* using that Word to light the way, His Way!

With my *problems*, more light is required to see danger.

He further went on to explain when we shine the light we've taken in, people in darkness will see Jesus.

Almost caused a fire with a pillow over a lamp when I was a kid.