# TBD

## runDisney Yoga (Missed)

Back on December 16, I signed up for a runDisney Yoga event that took place this morning. At the time, I was pretty excited about doing it. It was at 5am this morning at Disney's Hollywood Studios. I was to meet up with some friends and we were all going to do it together. Then New Year's Eve happened. Although I wasn't meeting up with *those* friends for this event, what happened that day left me not really wanting to do meetups at Disney anymore.

Well, I got over that...hehehe But then at the end of January, my company announced major changes coming that left me quite uncertain about my employment this year. That led me to renewing my apartment lease in a place I didn't want to live at anymore and deciding to cancel all of my travel plans to bank all of my PTO for a nice payout later this year...LOL This meant that, although I decided I wanted to do the yoga thing after all, I didn't want to take the day off to be able to do it.

Well, I got over that too...hehehe I decided not to worry about my PTO. I started to take days off to relax just like I normally would. So, I had to decide if I wanted to use one of those days for today. The more I thought about it, the less I wanted to do it. Although I like the people I had planned to meet up with today, I wasn't sure taking the day off was worth it. But then again, I do like these people...hehehe What to do, what to do!? I started to want to do it again...LOL

Well, you probably guessed it, I got over that...hehehe I decided not to do it. And once today came, I had already forgotten about it. That is until I got an email from runDisney about the events of the weekend. It's a race weekend. Although I paid for this event, and it would have been pretty cool to be at Hollywood Studios at 5am, I just wasn't feeling the vibe that I truly wanted to do it these past few weeks. And now that the day is here, I'm glad I didn't do it. Not one of those friends reached out to me this week to either remind me of the event or ask me why I didn't show up this morning...LOL Yes, I didn't reach out to them either to tell them I wasn't coming. So what this means to me is that we aren't close friends...hehehe

I'm going to be much more selective on what I plan to do with friends going forward. When I signed up for this event, it was a moment of being a *yes man*. The friend who invited me to sign up was pretty much asking everyone to do it. And I wanted to feel accepted and validated. So I said *yes* without thinking it through. I don't live like that anymore. What happened on NYE with my *other* friend taught me that I need to accept who I am. I don't need to rely on what others think. And my true friends will support me for who I am, even when I want to say *no* to something.

