# So, I Ran Today...LOL

## runDisney Yoga (Missed)

Back on December 16, I signed up for a runDisney Yoga event that took place this morning. At the time, I was pretty excited about doing it. It was at 5am this morning at Disney's Hollywood Studios. I was to meet up with some friends and we were all going to do it together. Then New Year's Eve happened. Although I wasn't meeting up with *those* friends for this event, what happened that day left me not really wanting to do meetups at Disney anymore.

Well, I got over that...hehehe But then at the end of January, my company announced major changes coming that left me quite uncertain about my employment this year. That led me to renewing my apartment lease in a place I didn't want to live at anymore and deciding to cancel all of my travel plans to bank all of my PTO for a nice payout later this year...LOL This meant that, although I decided I wanted to do the yoga thing after all, I didn't want to take the day off to be able to do it.

Well, I got over that too...hehehe I decided not to worry about my PTO. I started to take days off to relax just like I normally would. So, I had to decide if I wanted to use one of those days for today. The more I thought about it, the less I wanted to do it. Although I like the people I had planned to meet up with today, I wasn't sure taking the day off was worth it. But then again, I do like these people...hehehe What to do, what to do!? I started to want to do it again...LOL

Well, you probably guessed it, I got over that...hehehe I decided not to do it. And once today came, I had already forgotten about it. That is until I got an email from runDisney about the events of the weekend. It's a race weekend. Although I paid for this event, and it would have been pretty cool to be at Hollywood Studios at 5am, I just wasn't feeling the vibe that I truly wanted to do it these past few weeks. And now that the day is here, I'm glad I didn't do it. Not one of those friends reached out to me this week to either remind me of the event or ask me why I didn't show up this morning...LOL Yes, I didn't reach out to them either to tell them I wasn't coming. So what this means to me is that we aren't close friends...hehehe

I'm going to be much more selective on what I plan to do with friends going forward. When I signed up for this event, it was a moment of being a *yes man*. The friend who invited me to sign up was pretty much asking everyone to do it. And I wanted to feel accepted and validated. So I said *yes* without thinking it through. I don't live like that anymore. What happened on NYE with my *other* friend taught me that I need to accept who I am. I don't need to rely on what others think. And my true friends will support me for who I am, even when I want to say *no* to something.

## Look 15 Feet Ahead

For *Through Me - Day 8* of the *How You Start Your Day Sets Your Day* devotional, I mentioned I had a story that I felt went along with the subject matter well. It isn't a perfect example. However, I did feel like I wanted to tell the story in my next journal entry. This is that entry...LOL It's a story I had included in chapter 13 of my original version of the *Vitamin G* book I was writing. I wrote the draft of that chapter about a year ago. It'll likely be a part of a book someday. For now, here it is...hehehe

This story occurred about 20 years ago in my mid to late twenties. My dad had invited my brother, my brother-in-law (at the time), and myself on a quick mountain bike trip to Brown County State Park near Nashville, Indiana...aka *Little Nashville*. (Not to be confused with Nashville, Tennessee...hehehe). Dad had been riding for years and wanted to take his three sons out on the trails. I wasn't in the best shape physically at the time. If you recall, my health journey last year began after I had poor health for over 20 years...hehehe So, he took us on the easiest trail available at that park. It was a relatively easy trail. But deep down, I have to admit I was still quite anxious about it! After all, having spent years in the tech field already (sit down job), eating tons of junk food for the better part of a decade, and having already drank gallons upon gallons of Mountain Dew by then had taken its toll on my body...LOL

One of my dad's buddies, *Cool Dude Ron*, joined us for this adventure. He and dad had worked together for years and enjoyed mountain biking together as well. One day, I asked my dad about him and I referred to him as *Mr. ~~(Last name redacted to protect his secret identity...hehehe)~~*. When my dad had mentioned to him that I called him *Mr. ~~(Redacted)~~*, he laughed and insisted I call him *Cool Dude Ron* going forward...LOL In my mind, a super hero was born that day...hehehe I was young at the time...years before this mountain biking trip...hehehe

*Cool Dude Ron* gave us *mountain biking newbies* a very valuable piece of advice before we began our trek. He said to *look about 15 feet ahead of you on the trail to see what was ahead and prepare for it*. Doing so helps you see the hills, valleys, and turns throughout the trail in plenty of time to know how you should handle what is just ahead. Do not look straight down and do not look so far ahead that you miss what you are about to come across. To avoid any obstacles in your way, you have to know they are there. And when you come upon them, you should have already discovered how to avoid them and know what is coming next. You know, just *15 feet ahead*...

For the first part of the trail, I found this advice quite easy to follow. And although I was not fully in shape to take on this endeavor, I found myself enjoying it quite a bit. It truly was an easy trail and the bike did most of the work...hehehe But wait!!! What's that...just *15 feet ahead*?!? I came to a narrow rock formation that was designed as sort of a little bridge to cross a small gap in the trail. My gaze quickly focused only on that narrow target so that I would definitely not miss it. Sure enough, I hit the target well and began to cross that small gap. *BAM!!!* All of a sudden, my bike and myself were no longer moving forward! I crashed square into a tree just on the other side of this narrow rock bridge...LOL

I was so focused on that single obstacle that I had forgotten the advice of always *looking 15 feet ahead*. I already knew how to face that obstacle and I simply needed to trust that I had placed my bike on the correct trajectory to pass over it without issue. Instead, I ignored all other things along the path. This kept me from being prepared for what lay ahead. Although living in the moment is important, when navigating this life's journey, I should also never fixate just on how I am right now. Sometimes I need to look a little ahead to be ready for what is about to come. I've been asked, *Where do you see yourself in 5 years?* I've never really been able to answer that one. For most of my life, I've only focused on the here and now. Sure, I've worried about the future. And yes, we should all prepare for such things as retirement should we live long enough to get there. However, far too often I have only done what was necessary to survive in the moment without any regard to what lay just ahead or how my present may affect my future.

There really isn't a specific measurement in my life that represents *15 feet ahead*. Whether it is the next moment, tomorrow, or 5 years from now, the point is that the circumstances I face today will not always be here. Just like my entire life is temporary, what I am facing now is even more so. If I fix my gaze on the worries of the moment, I miss both the obstacles and the path I'm suppose to be preparing for next. I would even go so far as to say the only thing I should ever fix my gaze upon is Jesus. God knows what obstacles I'll face and the path I need to be on well before I ever get there. He's not only *15 feet ahead*, God is every *where* and every *when*!

After crashing into that tree, I quickly realized what I had done. I fixated on something I had already seen and did not look ahead to see that the trail turned left immediately after that narrow rock bridge. I would have avoided the tree altogether had I stuck with the *15 foot* advice *Cool Dude Ron* gave me. The good news? That is okay. Sure, the bike broke and I had to carry it a mile or so out of the woods. But I learned a lesson that day. I'm a work in progress, making progress! I picked myself up, evaluated the situation, and I've never made *that* mistake again. Everyone who was there that day joined me for the laugh that the situation was. In the moment, I forgot about the *15 foot* rule. After that moment, I *looked 15 feet ahead* and realized I was learning this valuable lesson...hehehe *__Look 15 feet ahead__*...this too shall pass, and be ready when it does.

## Writing Break

As you can see from this journal entry, I'm back to writing once again. I took a small break from writing because I was starting to notice a small problem. Identifying problems and discovering solutions has been very much a part of who I have been all my life. The older I've gotten, the better I have gotten at finding healthy solutions...hehehe

When I write, typically, whatever the thought was that was occupying my mind was now free to be released. In doing so, that allows new thoughts to emerge in my mind. It is somewhat like pouring water out of a glass. When you pour it, that leaves room for water to be added back.

I tend to have quite a bit to say...hehehe That really isn't a problem. If I can help others through my writing, I'm happy to do it! Since my mind becomes free of those thoughts once I write them down, it's time for new thoughts to come in. Now that I've been writing so much this year, I've had a mass exodus of thoughts leaving my mind. And in turn, a mass influx of new thoughts pouring in or old thoughts bubbling back up. I was not prepared for this. And as such, I did not think to apply the proper filters on the thoughts flooding on in!..hehehe

None of my thoughts are bad. I've just not taken care with what old thoughts have bubbled up or with the new thoughts being introduced. So, my thought life has become a bit unbalanced. That's likely what provided the opportunity for my sadness to take over a few weeks ago. After I wrote last week about my purpose and pondered what my passion might be, I decided it was time for a short break from writing. I needed to allow my thoughts to settle instead of going through the cycle of pouring out and filling back up.

Another way to look at it is like those fountains I see in Japanese gardens. There is a section of bamboo that fills with water from a stream. Once it is full, it tips over and pours out. Sometimes that bamboo is tied to a chime or something that makes a beautiful sound when it tips. Once all of the water has poured out, it tips back and begins filling with water again. Well, in my case, I had done this so many times that the line to the chime snapped and the bamboo (my mind) tipped a little too far and fell into the stream...hehehe

This short break has now fulfilled its purpose. Everything seems to be back to a harmonious balance once again. My thoughts are at least settled for now...hehehe To keep balanced, I'll be filtering what thoughts I allow to occupy my mind.

> ...and we are taking every thought and purpose captive to the obedience of Christ, ~ 2 Corinthians 10:5

> Finally, believers, whatever is true, whatever is honorable and worthy of respect, whatever is right and confirmed by God’s word, whatever is pure and wholesome, whatever is lovely and brings peace, whatever is admirable and of good repute; if there is any excellence, if there is anything worthy of praise, think continually on these things [center your mind on them, and implant them in your heart]. ~ Philippians 4:8

## Disney Weekend

Oh boy! Do I have a Disney weekend planned, or what?! It all kicks off with my very first Dapper Day at EPCOT on Saturday. This Spring's WDW Dapper Days are Saturday (EPCOT) and Sunday (MK). Originally, I hoped to go both days. And then I decided I wasn't going to dress dapper and planned to just take photos to inspire me for the Dapper Days in December. Then my Sunday plans got all jumbled up. And then...hehehe I decided I would dress dapper for Saturday...LOL I've been all over the place on this...hehehe Taking that writing break really helped get my thoughts in order again...LOL

All of the clothes I ordered for my Dapper Day have arrived. I need to iron my vest a bit. But I'll be ready for Saturday for sure! I went with a fancy green bow tie. It's the real deal too! I had to learn how to tie a bow tie...HAHAHA I've been doing neck ties since I was boy. Those are easy peasy for me now. At first, I was stressed and a bit anxious about learning to tie a bow tie. But by George! I think I've got it! I had my neck ties on standby just in case. Those will not be necessary, gladly!

To say I'm excited is a gross understatement of the joy I'm feeling about it. I'm managing my expectations so that I won't be over or underwhelmed by the experience, though. I'm going to enjoy it for what it is in the moment. I'll share the moment with a few people throughout the day through texts. Especially Chérie, who plans to dress dapper that day too to share in the experience in spirit! I may even do a post or two on social media. I'll definitely be taking photos. And I'll likely take advantage of the PhotoPass on my AP to get some Disney photos as well.

Yay!!!

On Sunday, I'll be heading over to Melbourne to pick up some friends coming in from Wales (yep, the Wales in the UK) who are arriving that afternoon. They are coming for a Disney vacation...hehehe I offered to pick them up so they wouldn't need to pay for an expensive Uber to get to Disney. I also wanted to go over and see the Atlantic ocean. I haven't been over there since I moved here. In fact, it has been ages since I've seen the Atlantic from anywhere up the eastern seaboard...hehehe I'll embrace this opportunity.

I may also scout out some sites for where I'd like do one of my bucket list items. I'd love to see the sunrise over the Atlantic (east coast of Florida) and have breakfast. Then I'd drive to Disney and have lunch and maybe take in a show and ride an attraction. Then I'd head to my home area to see the sunset over the Gulf (west coast of Florida) and have dinner. All of this in a single day. Sunrise over the ocean, sunset over the ocean, with a scenic drive in between. Florida and Hawaii are the only 2 places in the 50 states to be able to actually do that, I think. You'd have to fly to achieve that anywhere else besides our other island territories. I won't be doing that adventure on Sunday, though. I just may scout out some potential places in Melbourne to do that in the future.

Anyway, back to my Disney weekend...hehehe After I pick up my friends, we'll drive over to Disney. I booked a room for myself that night so I could enjoy spending time with them for their first night here. We'll be going to Disney's Hollywood Studios. We have some other friends meeting up with us as well. I think there'll be like 7 or 8 of us total that night. All good, fun people. I'm looking forward to it!

On Monday, I'll be going to Disney's Animal Kingdom. It's the anniversary of the park's opening, it's Earth Day, and it's the anniversary of my annual pass. Seems like a fitting place to be that day...LOL I was there on the same day last year. At the time, it was the 25th anniversary for Animal Kingdom. That was a fun day! Will it be fun again this year? I imagine so...hehehe That'll at least be my morning. I may hop to another park later in the day. We shall see!

## 5k

So, I ran today...LOL It had been a while!