# TBD

## Favorite Moment

For the past week or so, I've been contemplating what my favorite moment has been each day. I even asked a few of my closest friends the question, *What was your favorite moment today*? I may continue doing this for the forseeable future. Both for myself, and for those I'm closest to. Perhaps not every day. But often enough for it to make an impact on our lives.

On social media today, my *Vitamin G* post posed the question, *What was your favorite moment this week*? Great or small, and regardless of whether we'd consider this a good week or not, finding our favorite moment seems important. I then challenged my *followers* to share the story of their favorite moment with someone they care about.

For me, my favorite moment comes in two parts. I've had several wonderful moments this week. However, I truly do have a favorite; which spanned for a few hours on Wednesday. It began when I received and listened to a spoken prayer Chérie recorded for me. I had asked for prayer over finding discernment for a job opportunity being presented to me at Disney. She included that in the prayer, but also went on to pray for Malachi's job interview that was taking place later that same day. The message came at just the right moment and I was able to listen to it at the specific moment God needed me to. I was able to bow my head, close my eyes, and hear the prayer as if she were present in that moment.

The second part of my favorite moment came when I was able to talk to Malachi about his job interview. Although it was a few hours later, to me the moments are directly connected together into a single moment. I was able to catch him right after his interview. He was so excited about how it went. He described the entire experience for me and he felt quite confident in how it went. To hear his excitement was an answer to prayer. For me, it isn't about getting a job or not getting it. It is all about the experience gained in the moment. And he fully embraced it! I cannot express how proud I am of how he composed himself during the interview. His description of the event made me feel as if I were there sitting with him. That's just how excited he was with how it all went.

This moment, as a whole, is something I will cherish in my heart. Anytime I feel lonely, afraid, or in doubt of anything, I'll draw from this moment. The feelings, the Blessings, all that this moment meant to me as it was happening. It was a moment that I rested in while it was happening. I was ever present as it unfolded because I knew in that moment just how important it was. It isn't about Chérie, Malachi, or even myself. It is all about God's timing and His presence in the three of us as the moment was being experienced.

Life can be rough and tough. Capturing these moments this past week has been refreshing. We are faced with many trials and temptations. When I pray that God *leads me not into temptation, but deliver me from evil*, He reminds me of moments like these. Moments when He has me, and my loved ones, in His *warm hugs*.

## Psalm 23

## Grocery Blessings

## Food for Thought

## Rejoice Always
