# TBD

I had another productive day at work. I may actually finish an important phase of my current project this week. This will be a huge win for the project. Estimating when something will be completed is difficult in software engineering. I was projecting that this task would be complete by the end of the month. It may actually happen...hehehe Which is a good thing considering the next major phase absolutely must be completed by the end of May...LOL

My culinary problems poured into today...hehehe Although what I made last night was at least edible, what I attempted to make at lunch would have made me sick and my food prep work for dinner tonight didn't go so well. So I ended up eating out for both lunch and dinner today...ugh! I love to cook and this week has just been a disaster...LOL I've been a bit off in most areas since the weekend. My skills in the kitchen are the saddest of the problems...hehehe But at least I was able to hear live music and see the sunset tonight! Yay!!!

My shaving has been a bit off this week too. I was finally able to do it up right today. Sunday was the last time I was able to do it the way I like to...hehehe I tried my best the other days this week. It just didn't go well...LOL With the exception of work, I've been off all week. Even my sleeping as been off. However, I feel absolutely fine. It's weird...but in a good way I suppose. None of the silly mistakes I've been making this week have thrown me into feelings of frustration or anything. I've been shrugging it all off and just going with it...hehehe

The way this week has been going, I have been contemplating some routine and schedule changes. Plus I'm less likely to plan big weekends like this past one anytime in the near future. It was a fabulous weekend. I just don't like how it has thrown me so far off...hehehe I do have plans in mid-May that might cause me the same issues. But seeing how I'm handling this week, perhaps I can learn some things that will prepare me for that event.

I was a little curious about something today. So I traced it back to its origins. I have been giving my deer friend *warm hugs* for almost 6 months now. I always say something like *here is a warm hug, just for you* followed by a *hug* emoji. It began as photos and has now become various things from photos, to scripture, to prayers. I give God the credit them as He has always been the One who prompted me to take the photos, share the scripture, or say the prayers for her. I will on occasion send her a sun glare selfie that is a warm hug *just for her*...*just from me*...hehehe But all of the others are from God to her...*just for her*. And up to this point, she is the only one God has asked me to do that for.

It turned out that they began just as she was going through something in her personal life. I won't go into any details here because that is her story to tell. But I hadn't realized that was when it began. God's timing is everything when it comes to His Blessings. Even something as simple as a small note or photo can come down to His perfect timing. I sent that first photo on 2023/12/05. It seemed almost random at the time. Now it is more frequent. God sure has His ways of letting us know that He loves us, doesn't He?!

A few months later, this inspired me to start doing something else. But this time, it wasn't anything God prompted me to do and it isn't something I've done exclusively for my deer friend. Although, she was the first person I did this for...hehehe I've been taking minute long videos and sending them with the statement of *sit with me a minute, will you* or *walk with me a minute, will you*. These have been fun to send to my closest friends and family. I've been doing that since 2024/03/01. So, almost 2 months now. I think I may turn that into social media content eventually. For now, I'll keep practicing by recording them and sending them to my closest friends and family. I'll want to invest in a better microphone to record the ambient sounds. Even if I don't do social media content with the videos, I'm sure my friends and family will appreciate the better sound quality...LOL

You've undoubtedly noticed I haven't written about any of the topics I mentioned in my entry yesterday. I've decided to hold off on those topics until I've settled a bit more after last weekend. I'm happy to remain less formal in my writing this week. The content of what I'm planning to write is still holding well in my brain. I'm grateful for the mind God has given me. It use to be my bane in a way. Now, I see it as a beautiful gift. God has transformed it into something new.

I'm praying for the same transformation to occur in my heart. And I'm already seeing that prayer being answered. Today, Chérie and I finished our 40 day devotional, *How You Start Your Day Sets Your Day*. Although I'd say the devotional itself hasn't been the meatiest such guide I have ever gone through, it was thought provoking enough to help me through some things. I've already begun applying some of what I've learned about God and myself in my everyday life. Also, through the devotional, I was able to share things with Chérie that opened up my heart to allow God to work in me on things I didn't even realize I needed to work on. I'm looking forward to our next devotional; which begins tomorrow!!! Yay!!!

A quick loneliness update: a few weeks ago I had mentioned I had extreme sadness and that I traced its roots to my loneliness. Through the prayers of others, and my own prayers, I am seeing God do wonders in this area of my life. I am still a bit lonely. However, I'm embracing my aloneness, if that makes sense? It's like, yes, I am alone in this moment. But I'm not really. God is with me. I have friends and family I'm texting with throughout the day. I go out into public and see people. I'll talk with strangers sometimes when I'm out and about. And I've even randomly danced (without touching) with people in and outside of Disney. So, although I am not experiencing much of my life *with* any specific people, I am sharing *my* experiences with the world around me. And when I send videos, photos, and descriptions of my experiences, it still warms my heart. I have no reason to be sad that no one is standing or sitting right next to me most of the time. I'm choosing to be happy and content with my circumstances. It doesn't mean that I'm ignoring the problem. It simply means the problem cannot control me.

Today's title, *TBD*, is my typical placeholder each time I write until I'm finished and the real title presents itself. All of the titles that came to mind pointed back to *TBD*...LOL So, TBD it remains...hehehe