# I'm Still Happy

Well, today has been a bit...different...hehehe I do believe I might be sick...LOL I haven't been ill with a bug in 5 years. At least not to my knowledge. I ended up staying home from church today just in case. It feels kind of like a cold. I'm not entire sure since it has been so long since I've caught a bug. I'm definitely one who stays home when this happens. I cannot bear the thought of spreading anything. I'm also one who can take care of himself. I'm not the typical guy who acts like being sick is anything remotely like dying. I still got up at my normal time and went about my routine. Albeit, at a slightly slower pace. I am very weak, though. I wasn't able to stand the entire time through 2 worship services today. I had to sit down on the couch part way through both worship times. And sadly, I fell asleep during Pastor Raul's sermon today. After that service, I laid down for a nap and slept a little over an hour.

Today's *The Chosen: Book One* devotion (*Day 3: Represent*), was very thought provoking. I spent hours processing and writing about it. I'm glad it fell on a Sunday...hehehe I had extra time to devote to it. This devotional has truly been a Blessing. I've seen the TV show it is based on. I'm glad that you don't need to have watched it to do the devotional, though. I'm enjoying the perspective of the lives Jesus touched while He was here. It helps make everything more relatable. It is drawing parts of myself out and exposing it to God's Light. I'm thinking about things that have been buried deep for years. I'm already experiencing some healing that I did not expect. We have a long way to go for this book. If it continues to be this good an experience, I imagine we'll continue onto book two after this one is completed. It'll be something to evaluate in a few weeks.

I wasn't able to go to the grocery today. I want to wait until I know for sure that I'm either actually well or no longer ill if I really am sick. I could always wear a mask and go to the grocery. But I really cannot bear the thought I could possibly pass along a bug to anyone else. Fortunately, I do have enough food to get me through most of the week. I don't have a lot. But it is good enough to sustain me. My issues cooking last week will just have to not be an issue this week...hehehe I'm going to take every step slowly and ensure I do it all correctly.

The pool outside my apartment has been busier lately. It must be getting warm enough for people to enjoy the water. I'm still not ready yet...LOL I have yet to get out on the water in my kayak or paddleboard...hehehe What I need to do is invest in some thermal water attire. It has been five months since I was last on the water. That is way too long for me. The crazy thing to me is that I didn't have this problem last year. By this time last year, I had already been out on the water a few months. I was also not wearing jeans or pants this late in the year. It is hard for me to believe that I'm still cold when the temps are in the 80s here. People around me are melting and I'm in what is considered winter attire for Florida...LOL

Dinner worked out...hehehe I made a shrimp ramen bowl. I made a spicy Asian BBQ sauce for it. My ramen bowls are super easy to make and are pretty tasty. With the vegetable combination I use, it also seems to be a well balanced meal...LOL

I think I'm going to spend the rest of the evening watching TV...hehehe I'm really not feeling well today. But my attitude is doing great! I just don't have the brain power to continue writing...LOL I'm still happy :)