# TBD

In my haste to finish my journal entry yesterday and try to spend my evening relaxing and recovering, I completely failed to mention that yesterday was a significant day in my journey...hehehe It was the anniversary of the day I met my son's mother. 24 years ago, I was doing a live album recording for one of my brother's college day bands. She was attending that concert on her last day of college classes as she was about to graduate. She and my brother knew each other through one of the campus ministries at the college they both attended.

My brother was well known for his adventurous road trips he had thrown together over the course of his college career. He later inspired me to throw together some amazing road trips myself that I would often do while I was working the music production for his bands. As he was no longer actually in college, he had pretty much passed on the road trip king crown to me. Funny thing is, I didn't go to college. But I was around the college ministry and all of my brother's bands. So it was like I was one of them...hehehe

She had never actually been on one of these road trips. So she approached my brother that night and asked if he would throw one together for her since it was her last day of classes. He called me over and introduced me to her and asked if I would design a road trip just for her. I was happy to do so and quite honored that he would consider me for the task for such a special trip.

I asked someone for a map of the area so I could plan out the trip. Back then, we didn't have maps on our phones...LOL So this was a paper map. Someone spotted the *tallest waterfall in Indiana*. It was about a 30 minute or so drive away. Definitely close enough for a road trip later that night...hehehe This waterfall had something special about it besides being the tallest in the state. It happened to be a part of a dry creek...hehehe Basically, there was only a waterfall when it was raining...LOL This made it the perfect choice! Since it wasn't raining that day, the tallest waterfall was gone...hehehe

Something I liked to do for my road trips was to turn them into a worship service. On our way, I stopped off at a convenience store to pick up some drinks and chips to represent the blood and body of Christ for us to take communion with. I think we ended up getting water and Fritos. Once we arrived at the waterfall, I spoke a prayer and then performed communion for the group. I think there were 10-15 of us there that night, including my son's mother. We sang worship songs and had a wonderful late night with God.

On the way back to campus, she chatted with me and thanked me for giving her her only college road trip. I was happy she enjoyed it and grateful to God for providing the opportunity to bring so many together for a fun filled evening of worship. The next day, I saw her again at a church we all met up at for a special choir concert being performed by the campus ministry's choir. That's when the spark between us began. We exchanged contact information and began talking. A year later, we were married and 4 years after that our son was born. If it weren't for that road trip, my son wouldn't exist. So, I celebrate the day in my heart each year on April 28th.

I'm feeling a bit better today. The day started off just as bad as I felt yesterday. But I'm feeling better this evening. I think I'm going to chalk this up as allergies after all. Although it seemed to have started a few days before the gardens, I think the gardens are what triggered this. I wonder if wearing a mask when I visit any of the various gardens around here would make a different? Would that reduce the amount of pollen going into my sinuses? I'm guessing it would. That's something to consider next time...hehehe

I wrapped up the current phase of my project at work today. That felt really good. Now it's on to the next phase of work. This next phase needs to be finished by the end of May. It will probably only take a few weeks, actually. I'm going to miss this project once it is complete. It has been a fun little project. Even if I'm still part of the team that owns it, it isn't the sort of application that needs a lot of maintenance or new features. This is one of those once in a decade sort of apps...hehehe

I bought a tofu press last week. I'm using it for the first time tonight. Previously, I would press it using a couple of wooden cutting boards, a towel, and something heavy on top. The press I got is variable. For this first try, I just set it the max. At the moment, I see a lot of water sitting in the reservoir. So it looks like it is working. I'll be working with a lot of tofu tonight to prep it for the freezer.

Today's *The Chosen: Book One* devotion (*Day 4: Words*), was once again very thought provoking. I didn't have much to write in my reflection notes this time. But I do have further thoughts on a portion of what I did write. I would like to give more thought to the possibility I may have found what I'm currently passionate about.

A few weeks ago, I wrote about how I hoped to find my passion by letting my [Purpose point to Passion](12_purpose-passion). The reflection from today got me to thinking about how I am happy but that not much was actually bringing me joy lately. That's when I realized that I do find joy in sharing The Word with others and praying for others. So, perhaps my passion is to simply follow Jesus?

In my previous entry, I pondered what my passion could be. As I mentioned in that entry, I'm quite the over thinker. Bearing that in mind, I stripped away the complexities of my thoughts and was left with my purpose at the very least being to love God with all my heart, mind, soul, and strength. And to love others. I draw this from:

::: details Mark 12:28-31 AMP
28 Then one of the scribes [an expert in Mosaic Law] came up and listened to them arguing [with one another], and noticing that Jesus answered them well, asked Him, “Which commandment is first and most important of all?” 29 Jesus answered, “The first and most important one is: ‘Hear, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord; 30 and you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul (life), and with all your mind (thought, understanding), and with all your strength.’ 31 This is the second: ‘You shall [unselfishly] love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these."
:::

Today's devotion was specifically about Jesus' words and that He was The Word. I've been in The Word daily for well over 6 months now. Although I've been in the Word my entire life, the intensity of my focus has never been as great as it as been these past months. Not only am I drawn to it, I'm finding myself craving to know more and more about Jesus. How He loved, how He lived, and how He spoke. I just can't seem to get enough...hehehe I find joy in being in the Word. So much so, that there have been a few times I stopped what I was doing at Disney World and sunk into it right in the middle of a theme park!